Here’s the syllabus:
1. **Introductory Session; Preparatory Terms for Natural Law; Natural Law:** Sophists, Plato, and Aristotle.
2. **Natural Law:** Aristotle, Stoics; **Medieval Natural Law:** St. Thomas Aquinas.
3. **Secular Natural Law:** Thomas Hobbes, John Locke.
4. **Secular Natural Law:** Jean-Jacques Rousseau, Fall of Natural Law; **Preparatory Terms for Transcendental Idealism.**
5. **Transcendental Idealism:** Immanuel Kant, Johann Fichte.
6. **Preparatory Terms for Positivism; Positivism:** Jeremy Bentham.
7. **Positivism:** John Austin; **Pure Theory of Law:** Hans Kelsen.
8. **Pure Theory of Law:** Hans Kelsen.
9. **Modern Positivism:** HLA Hart.
10. **Modern Natural Law:** Lon Fuller, John Finnis.
11. **Modern Natural Law:** John Finnis.
12. **Law as Interpretation:** Ronald Dworkin.
13. **Sociology and Law:** Max Weber, Karl Marx.
14. **Critical Legal Studies:** Feminist Theory of Law.

In short:
1. Natural Law (Sophists, Plato, Aristotle, Stoics, Aquinas, Hobbes, Locke, Rousseau)
2. Transcendental Idealism (Kant, Fichte)
3. Positivism (Bentham, Austin, Kelsen, Hart)
4. Modern Natural Law (Fuller, Finnis)
5. Law as Interpretation (Dworkin)
6. Sociology and Law (Weber, Marx)
7. Critical Legal Studies (Feminist Theory of Law)

Course Learning Outcomes:
1. Identify major discrepancies amongst different schools of jurisprudence;
2. Consider the various ways in which legal philosophers have attempted to define law in the past;
3. Recognize some fundamental legal concepts;
4. Recognize some fundamental concepts of justice and equality in the ancient and contemporary worlds;
5. Utilize the grasp of fundamental legal ideas when reviewing other countries' and world's laws in the future;
6. Evaluating the justness of existing laws based on a prior grasp of legal ideas.