
After a week,

Gu Yue Bo wakes up from his resting sleep. Now, he feels some relief. Now, he can think clearly. After waking up, he goes to Fang Yuan.

Gu Yue Bo kneels before Fang Yuan and asks, “Esteemed immortal, your servant is here.” Fang Yuan doesn’t respond for some time. Gu Yue Bo looks at Fang Yuan’s eyes which don’t look like an endless dark abyss. But it isn’t innocent either. Those eyes give him both security and threat. Before he didn’t feel that, either it was innocent or an endless dark abyss. Gu Yue Bo becomes confused thinking who is before him. Is it Fang Yuan or Fang Yuan’s master? Suddenly, Fang Yuan orders, “Bring all the clan elders with great influence and assets. I will announce something important.” Gu Yue Bo takes his leave with respect.

  

In Fang Yuan’s mind, Administrative Fang Yuan says to Demonic Fang Yuan, “Look, Unpredictable Fang Yuan is again doing something unpredictable. You have planned to sell some rank 4 and 5 inheritances through Gu Yue Bo to stay in the dark while earning massive primeval stones. But Unpredictable Fang Yuan wants to sell them directly which will expose you in the light but you will earn massive primeval stones. The result is the same. Maybe he will do something crazy before leaving the village. I know but I am not going to tell you. Ha ha ha.” Demonic Fang Yuan doesn’t respond as if he is indifferent to everything.

  

The next day, Fang Yuan is sitting on a chair, and 5 elders of Gu Yue Clan are kneeling before him. Some of them are confused, some are startled, and some feel suspicious. Fang Yuan tells everyone to stop kneeling and sit on the floor. It is a scene where a king is sitting on his throne and all his subjects are bowing and showing respect to him. Fang Yuan orders the clan leader, Gu Yue Bo, to show his real cultivation realms. Everyone becomes confused and looks at him with a suspicious and probing gaze. But they can’t find anything out. Suddenly, Gu Yue Bo releases his rank 5 cultivation auro which suppresses them. They feel intense pressure. They all are just a bunch of rank three cultivators. The difference between rank three and rank five is at least 100 times. Each realm gives you 10 times more strength than previous realms. A rank 2 peak stage cultivation is ten times more powerful than a rank 1 peak stage cultivation. This means the difference between a rank one peak stage and a rank five peak stage is at least 10,000 times. And the difference between a normal person and a rank 5 peak Gu master is 100,000 times. That is why everyone mortals are like ants to Gu masters. Fang Yuan says, “You all are rank three gu masters. You don’t have enough talent to increase your rank any further. But I have a Gu worm that ignores cultivation talent and allows you to become rank 5 even if you are just a D-grade talent. The problem is that you will gain immense strength but your primeval sea level would decrease. If your primeval sea can hold 20% primeval essence it means you are a D-grade talent and rank 1 peak stage is your limit if you are extremely lucky. But this gu worm will allow you to ignore your talent. A D-grade talent with only 20% primeval sea, he might become a rank 5 Gu master but he may only remain 2% primeval sea.”

Hearing this explanation, everyone becomes frightened because it could create unlimited rank 5 gu masters using this gu worm. Even if he has only 2% primeval sea remains, he can easily exterminate hundreds of rank 1 gu masters. Because his rank five 2% primeval essence is equal to 2%*(10*10*10*10) rank 1 primeval essence which means 2% rank 5 primeval essence is equal to 20,000% rank 1 primeval essence. Which is like heaven and earth.

Then Fang Yuan declares, “I will make Fang Yuan leave this mountain with the merchant caravan that is coming soon. I don’t care anything about you mortals. It is just that my only disciple doesn’t want to leave this mountain as he cares very much about his sister. So, I am making you powerful so that you don’t get exterminated by other villages or Gu masters. After making more than 10 rank five gu masters, you should capture the other two villages. Do you understand?”  
Everyone becomes very excited. The medicine hall’s elder asks with respect, “Esteemed immortal, how will you distribute it?” Everyone also looks at Fang Yuan with eagerness.

Fang Yuan says with authority, “I can’t just give you even if it is trash to me. I want to distribute it according to merits. But you all mortals are the same to me. Then, I will give each of you 1 rank four, 3 rank three, 7 rank two, and 15 rank one limit breaker gu worms. You all are stacked at rank three except the clan leader. You can use rank 3 limit breaker gu worm to advance to rank 4. After that, you can use this rank 4 limit breaker gu worm to advance to rank 5. I have one rank 5 limit breaker gu worm. To whom should I give it? It is extremely powerful as it would allow you to break the limit of rank 5 and allow you to become immortal.”

Hearing this, everyone feels very excited and starts dreaming about becoming a gu immortal.

Suddenly, Fang Yuan adds, “The clan leader, Gu Yue Bo, is now a rank 5 gu master. I can give it to you but to be mortals, gu masters, and even rank 6 gu immortals are nothing but ants who are the same. I can produce them unlimitedly. Then whom should I give this rank 5 limit breaker gu worm.”

Everyone looks frightened and the atmosphere becomes very tense. Suddenly, Fang Yuan adds, “Ok, I have gotten a proper merit system. You will get this rank 5 limit breaker gu worm if you can become a rank 5 as well as bring the most primeval stones with this list of materials which will proof you connection with others. You can sell these limit breaker gu worms to anyone and can even give them as a gift. It doesn’t matter. As long as you can bring maximum output. I will distribute those remaining limit breakers gu worm according to your merits.”

  

At the same time,

Fang Zheng is walking back home with a satisfied smile and ponders, “During this time, I have already broken through rank 1 and now I am a rank 2 initial stage cultivator. No one knows about it. I need to hide it properly. Now, I have about 8,000 primeval stones in my cash. I have also absorbed 80% of the inheritance of Flower Wing Monk. I have also used my knowledge to gain some opportunities. I was very busy during this time earning many primeval stones and advancing my rank. The merchant caravan will come within this week. I think I need to work hard and make even devious plans so that I can earn more. My little sister is only at rank one middle stage. And I don’t even need to think about this amateur Fang Yuan. Fang Yuan, you are just a character whom I created, I am the one who gave you this personality and perseverance, and I am the one who gave you all the opportunities that you will encounter in your current life. Forget about getting any opportunities, I will crush you to death. This whole world is under my hand and I am the god and creator of this world.” Thinking of all these, Fang Zheng gives a devilish laughter that echoes through the road making everyone on the road confused as they make some distance thinking that he has become crazy. Seeing this, Fang Zheng quickly leaves the place while mumbling with anger, “You dare to laugh at me, I will crush you all to death.” After some time, Fang Zheng reaches and enters his house where Shen Cui, the servant of Fang Zheng greets him. Fang Zheng asks, “What are my sister and her servant doing?” Shen Cui says while sitting on Fang Zheng’s lap, “Let’s go to the bathroom and I will tell you the details while I am washing you.” Fang Zheng also touches her as if they will make love on the spot. Shen Cui says, “Let's go to the bathroom first and I will tell you all the details as I get closer to Gu Xianer and Gu Wang. I have learned many secrets about this incident from them which is different from what we have been told before. Now, let's go.”

  

After taking a bath with Shen Cui,

Fang Zheng ponders while lying on his bed, “It feels refreshing after taking a bath with my servant. Even though she is just a servant, she is beautiful, obedient, and lively. I was right to have an intimate relationship with her. I will dispose of her anytime I want. And she is dreaming about becoming my concubine even might be my wife. It doesn’t matter. I have no plan for her. But the news she has given me is really important. It looks like the clan leader, Gu Xianer and others are making up their story to cover the truth. So, Fang Yuan was about to die protecting Gu Xianer. Gu Xianer can’t recall the memory of how he has been saved but she could recall that she was trying to kill herself by smashing her head to avoid rape. Afterward, she and Fang Yuan had been saved by Wang Er and he took them to his home where Gu Xianer used her healing to worm to save Fang Yuan. It looks like the clan leader is also tired of Fang Yuan. So, he takes him away from Gu Xianer so that she can improve herself and gradually decrease her affection and love for Fang Yuan. I will visit Gu Yue Mo Yan today and try to make love with her. Mo faction is important. I don’t need to think about Chi Faction as I hold their secret. I will also pay my visit to collect my fees. Ha ha ha. I have achieved my target properly but only 3 girls are out of their place. I need to take aggressive action against Yao Le who is the successor of Medicine Hall, Gu Xianer, and Gu wang. They are out of my control and it feels like they have become a good friend. I will approach Yao Le first as it is important for my plan as she would be my pawn for controlling Medicine Hall.”

  
  
**