

After sometime, the kidnappers go to a mountain cave while Gu Xianer’s unconscious body is hanging on one of their shoulders like a lifeless corpse. One of the kinnappers tries to undress Gu Xianer. But the leader of them shouts, “How dare you touch her before me? Do you want to die?” The kinnapper apologizes to his leader. Suddenly they hear some roar of windbeast near the cave, which makes them alarmed. The leader becomes very angry and frustrated as he has just taken off her upper dress. He is in the rank 2 upper stage. He shouts at two kinnappers, “Go and kill this wild animal for disrupting my mode.”

The two kinnappers go out to kill the wild animal.

  

Suddenly, Gu Xianer wakes up and finds that the kidnapper leader is taking off her lower dress. She resists violently while shouting for help. The other two kidnappers grab Gu Xianer’s hand and leg while the leader takes off her lower dress. Then the leader starts touching Gu Xianer’s body after removing Gu Xianer’s upper undergarment. After resisting for sometimes, suddenly Gu Xianer stops resisting and asks while she is crying, “Where is my brother? Is he ok?” After giving a sinister smile, the leader responds, “He is dead, and the body of your brother may have already been eaten by wild beasts, ha ha ha.” Another one adds while holding Gu Xianer’s hand and leg, “You brother really loves you. How desperate he was to save you! Ha ha ha!” After hearing this, Gu Xianer doesn’t resist anymore, while extreme regret and sorrow can be seen in her face.Then the leader prepares his main raping process after removing every single dress, and now she is totally naked. Suddenly Gu Xianer tries to kill herself by throwing her head towards the ground. And it causes blood to pour out of her head. The leader quickly grabs her head and stops her from killing herself and says with a devilish smile, “Why are you in a hurry? Don’t worry, we will also send you to your brother after our enjoyment is over.” The leader again tries to rape, but Gu Xianer resists violently and also tries to smash her head but can’t do it because other kidnappers are holding her tightly. Suddenly, Gu Xianer stops resisting and ponders while tears are pouring out like streams. “Maybe it should be my punishment for not hearing my brother’s word. I hope my brother is alive and will live a happy life.” Then she closes her eyes as if she has accepted her fate. With a loud and sinister laughter, he starts raping her.

  

Suddenly, a sharp and small rock pierces through his neck while he has just gotten started. He falls on Gu Xianer while his blood falls on Gu Xianer’s face while her eyes are closed. He can’t say a single thing but is holding his neck as if he is going to die while blood is popping out through his finger. Even before the other two can understand anything, they also do the same as their leader. Gu Xianer opens her eyes and looks around her with confusion as she sees all the kidnappers writhing in the agony of death. Suddenly, a figure comes out from the dark. His eyes were dark as an endless abyss. He walks forward slowly while blood is pouring out from all over his body. There is hardly any place in his body where there is no wound. All the wounds are visible through his dress, which is totally bloody, as if he has been sliced by swords hundreds and thousands of times.

  

At first glance, Gu Xianer can’t understand who this is. She becomes very frightened by just seeing his face, as the wounds are so much that even the skull and even the organs are visible. She becomes even more terrified seeing one eye that is cut open and the internal organs of the eye are visible. When she looks at other eyes, she sees an eye with endless darkness, as if it could devour everything. Seeing Gu Xianer is alright, Fang Yuan’s dark and eerie eyes turn into innocent eyes. As soon as the dark and eerie eyes turn into innocent eyes, Fang Yuan rushes to hug Gu Xianer but can’t even make a single step as he falls down as if he is dead. Seeing this, Gu Xianer comes out of her shocked, startled, and fearful state and rushes towards Fang Yuan and starts using her healing gu on Fang Yuan.

  

The next day, Fang Yuan wakes up on a bed and sees Gu Xianer holding his hand and sleeping while leaning. He sees another girl who is sitting beside Gu Xianer, and she is also sleeping while supporting Gu Xianer. After seeing her face clearly, tears automatically come from his eyes. Fang Yuan recalls how he killed her merchilessly without even her doing anything wrong. He also feels her pain, agony, sorrow, and powerlessness as she lost her beloved brother and her beloved father. He can’t take this any more and faints immediately.

  

In Fang Yuan’s mind,

Administrator Fang Yuan says to Demonic Fang Yuan, “Looks like everything is going according to your plan. Yesterday, you convinced me to forcefully stop changing personalities. As a result, the innocent personality couldn’t fight back and used his body to shield Gu Xianer and get serious injuries. You have also confirmed your doubt about Gu Xianer. She has a divine physique, and her divine physique is Supreme Healing Divine Physique from the Original Realm, which has some flows like her brain will age three times slower and her cultivation will be 3 times slower, as well as her comprehension ability will be 3 times weaker than normal people If she could become immortal in the future, all the restrictions would be left, and even more, she would be terrifyingly powerful. You have also confirmed your doubt about Haven’s will. Everything is as you have thought. The Haven’s will is frustrated and doesn’t care much about this naive Fang Yuan. Haven’s will is thinking that when the Spiring Autumn Cicada came back carrying your will, which is protected by Haven’s will, it got rejected by the otherworldly Fang Yuan, who is innocent, and this otherworldly innocent Fang Yuan is seeing these memories as a tragic story or drama and also thinking it is someone else who suddenly takes control of his body. He considers it a demonic personality of his, and the memory he is seeing will occur in reality if the demonic personality takes control over the body. The Heaven’s will thinks that this has something to do with Fang Zheng, as he is an otherworldly demon who shouldn’t be here.”

Demonic Fang Yuan says with his cold, indifferent, and eerie eyes, “Why are you explaining me? Can’t you just make the Gu Yue Clan Head see this dream? Or have you lied to me about your ability?”

Administrator Fang Yuan says with annoyance, “It is really boring. I will explain what you can do.” After saying that, he adds, “Even though this was an unexpected accident, it is worth it. As it helps you to clear your doubts and also the heaven’s will’s stances. It looks like even though heaven’s will can’t read the memory, it is replacing you with Fang Zheng in it’s plan as it is amazed with Fang Zheng’s growth. He is already at rank 1 peak stage, and he has manipulated the core power houses of the village very well and is now absorbing the flower wine monk’s inheritance, which should be done by you. Don’t you think your little brother is really amazing?”

Demonic Fang Yuan doesn’t respond as if he is hearing a great story of an ant.

Administrator Fang Yuan says with annoyance, “Ok, I am sending this dream to the clan head. I think this second phase of your plan has become even easier after this incident. The second phase of your plan will end quickly, and the third phase will start after you manipulate the clan head. It looks like we will leave this mountain within two months.”

  

In the room where Fang Yuan is lying unconscious,

Gu Xianer is using her healing gu on Fang Yuan, which is pretty useful as it has restored the critical and vital wound. Gu Xianer has already used all her primeval stones, which were more than 70. She looks extremely exhausted, as if she would collapse at any time. Gu Wang, who is helping Gu Xianer, says, “Estemed Gu Master, please take some rest and also please eat these as you are not looking good. Your brother is now out of danger, even though his injuries haven’t fully healed.” Yesterday, she used her entire primeval essence and then used all her savings to heal Fang Yuan; afterward, she fainted. Gu Wang is helping and supporting her without taking a single rest, which also caused her to faint yesterday. Now, Gu Wang tries to feed Gu Xianer, and Gu Xianer also accepts. Suddenly Gu Xianer asks Wang Er and Old Man Wang, “Do you have any primeval stones?” They both respond while shacking, “We haven’t many, but we have some.” After some time, Old Man Wang brings some fragments of primeval essence, which isn’t even 1 primeval stone properly. Yesterday, Wang Er and Old Man Wang became stupified seeing Gu Xianer using all her primeval stones, which they had never imagined. Using that many primeval stones, they could live a luxurious life without thinking about earning anymore. Go Xianer sighs a deep sigh after seeing these tiny fractions of primeval stones. Suddenly Gu Xianer recalls that Fang Zheng also gave Fang Yuan 70 primeval stones. Then she checks Fang Yuan and finds it out. She is waiting for the primeval sea to naturally nourish itself. When it fills the primeval sea with some primeval essence, she immediately uses her healing Gu. Even after using all of Fang Yuan’s primeval stones, she can’t restore Fang Yuan fully. Even now, he looks horrifying. If someone suddenly sees Fang Yuan’s condition, they would faint on the spot from fear. After seeing all these before him, Wang Er shouts in his heart with determination that one day he would become Gu Master.

  
**