

The next very morning,

Fang Yuan wakes up early. After Waking up, He looks at his left side where Gu Wang is sleeping and then looks at his right side where Gu Xianer is sleeping. Now, His eyes look extremely innocent and helpless. Tears are coming out like streams. There is no sound in his cry. It is as if you have taken everything away from someone and he is in too much pain that no sound is coming out. Suddenly, his eyes turn into an emotionless dark abyss. Afterward, demonic Fang Yuan releases intense killing intent towards Gu Xianer, and then Gu Wang, and then Yao Le, and this continues as if he is going to kill every single one from this village beginning who is closer one. The killing intent is so powerful and intense that Gu Xianer and Gu Wang wake up. Fang Zheng wakes up in shock and shouts, ‘What was that just now? It feels like I have died a pitiful death.” Uncle and aunt can’t process anything just froze as if they are not human, just a sculpture. Yao Le was sleeping soundly as she was tired after taking the inheritance. She feels extreme terror and fear as she feels that she has been eaten by a bear while she is alive. The clan leader and elders also become frightened and can’t process anything as they have never felt this kind of feeling. Every normal mortal faints on the spot but wakes up after sometimes. Normal mortal doesn’t recall anything. They just feel that they are fainting about nothing else. Those who have higher cultivation realms, feel more terror for a longer time. And they can recall the terror of dying pitiful death and shake uncontrollably. They feel that time has stopped for them and they have died in countless ways. Those who have low cultivation realms and are normal mortals, can’t recall anything as they have fainted on the spot. Just a single moment has passed, and Fang Yuan’s eyes become innocent with extreme sorrow, helplessness. He can’t control himself and starts crying while hugging Gu Xianer. Even though Gu Xianer and Gu Wang wake up after feeling extreme fear. They forget about their fear that they had experienced a moment before after seeing Fang Yuan crying. Gu Xianer and Gu Wang try to say something but nothing comes out of their mouth and at last they start crying while hugging each other.

  

After sometime,

They calm down. Fang Yuan declares, “I am going to leave this village with the merchant caravan,” tears are still visible in his eyes. There are many complicated feelings in his eyes. The feeling of leaving one’s loved one forever. The feeling of protecting one’s loved one. The feeling of killing one’s loved one with one's own hand. There are so many complicated feelings that the innocent Fang Yuan can’t take it anymore and unpredictable Fang Yuan comes out. Gu Xianer shouts, “What are you talking about? I won’t let you leave.” Fang Yuan says gently, “I am not leaving. I am going to bring many things.” Gu Xianer responds while hugging Fang Yuan, “I don’t want anything. You are enough for me.” Fang Yuan hugs back and says, “My princess, Have I ever lied to you. I will come back whenever you will recall me. Your brother will always come whenever you need me.” Gu Xianer responds, “I don’t want to hear anything. And as a princess, I am ordering you not to leave me.” Fang Yuan gives her gentle smile and responds, “Yes, my princess.” Suddenly, Yao Le enters the room and asks, “Are you leaving Young Master Fang Yuan?” Gu Wang adds, “Is it really necessary to leave.” Fang Yuan responds, “Yes, I will take my leave after sometime with the merchant caravan.” Gu Xianer hugs Fang Yuan tightly and shouts, “I am not going to let you leave me.” Fang Yuan responds, “How about this, I will come back when you learn to cook many delicious foods without the help of Gu Wang and Yao Le. Afterward when I come back, you will prepare so many different things that I have never even seen and tested in my entire life. When I am in amazement, you will feed me all these with your own hand. And I will bring many different kinds of dresses, accessories and many other things that you have never seen in your entire life. Don’t you think it is a good idea?” Gu Xianer thinks for sometime and says, “It is a good idea but I don’t want you to leave.” Then Fang Yuan looks at Gu Wang and Yao Le and says, “I will also bring many things for you and I will also test your dishes that you will cook with your hand. Don’t you think this is quite a good idea.” Gu Wang and Yao Le blush and respond with low voices while feeling intense shy and can’t even look at Fang Yuan, “Yes, we will work hard.” “Then I am going to take my leave. Don’t forget that I will test a combined dish of you all which should be legendary when I come back.” Even Before Gu Xianer, Gu Wang and Yao Le can process anything, Fagn Yuan asks, “Come with me. I am going to take good bye to everyone.”

  

In Fang Yuan’s mind,

Administrative Fang Yuan shouts at Demonic Fang Yuan, “Look, what have you done? Look, this innocent Fang Yuan can’t even take it. Look, How you have frightened everyone.” Suddenly, administrative Fang Yuan laughs loudly and says to demonic Fang Yuan, “This is even more enjoyable. Even though you can manipulate innocent Fang Yuan in many ways, you can’t manipulate unpredictable Fang Yuan. Innocent Fang Yuan will sacrifice himself for others sake. Unpredictable Fang Yuan will never sacrifice himself for others sake but he will never abandon them or use them as mere disposable tools. But you, Demonic Fang Yuan will use everyone else as mere tools and will dispose of them at any time. Hahahah. Each of you has your own theme. All the plans that you have made for Innocent Fang Yuan have worked perfectly but not even a single plan have worked perfectly on Unpredictable Fang Yuan. You can only control him through Innocent Fang Yuan. hahaha. I really like the characteristic of unpredictable Fang Yuan. He gets shamelessness from you and protectiveness and love from innocent Fang Yuan. As a result, he becomes a shameless lover. Hahaha”

Demonic Fang Yuan doesn’t respond and he looks expressionless and indifferent to everything that is happening.

  

In Fang Zheng’s room,

Fang Zheng is enjoying his time with his servant, Shen Cui as he is tired from scheming and finding out the cause for all these unexpected events. Actually, Fang Zheng was working hard for the last few days and his brain has almost exploded from all this pressure. After grasping his situation a bit, Fang Zheng has calculated a devious plan which is the reason for his hard work for the last few days. He has pointed out that every misfortune or unexpected event is somehow connected to Fang Yuan. So, He comes to the conclusion that heaven’s will is using Fang Yuan to interrupt him. When Fang Zheng hears about Fang Yuan taking his leave from this village, Fang Zheng becomes very happy and creates this devious plan. First, He thought about making things difficult for Fang Yuan, then decided that it would be foolish as Heaven’s will is protecting Fang Yuan. So, afterwards, He has created a plan which will activate after Fang Yuan takes his leave from the village.

Fang Zheng is enjoying Shen Cui by touching her sexually. Then Fang Zheng orders to close the door as he is going to enjoy it now with his heart content. Shen Cui responds seductively which even more intensifies Fang Zheng’s desire. Even though Fang Zheng had decided that he will not sleep or have sexual activity with Shen Cui anymore, he hasn't found any other option. Even though he had some options before, now they are almost gone. So Fang Zheng can’t take her seductiveness and quickly grab her before she can close the door and starts kissing her. 

Suddenly, Fang Yuan enters with Gu Xianer, Gu Wang and Yao Le. They all become stupefied seeing them kissing near the door. Fang Zheng quickly makes distance from Shen Cui and shouts, “Shen Cui is not feeling well so I was checking her fever.” Gu Xianer, Gu Wang and Yao Le try to shout but Fang Yuan shouts which makes them stop. Fang Yuan says, “I am going to leave this village after a few moments with the merchant caravan.” Then with some hesitation, Fang Yuan adds, “I hope you will take good care of you little sister.” Fang Zheng responds quickly with panic, “She is my little sister. I will always take good care of her.” Shen Cui adds, “I will do whatever Young Mistress asks me to do at any time. So don’t worry young master.”

After Fang Yuan and others take their leave, Fang Zheng shouts at Shen Cui, “Shit! My plan may have just been ruined. These three girls are crucial points in my plan. They must have seen me kissing Shen Cui. Now, It will be very hard for me to clean up my image before them.” Then he looks at Shen Cui with an angry gaze which makes her frightened. Fang Zheng orders angrily, “Never come before me again. Get lost.” Then he curses himself for not being able to control himself. Everytime after doing something with Shen Cui, Fang Zheng curses himself and makes a resolution that he is not going to touch Shen Cui anymore but he can’t control himself from Shen Chi's seduction.”

  
**