In Fang Yuan’s uncle and aunt’s room,

“Fang Yuan will leave today. I have talked to the merchant caravan to take good care of him. Hahaha. After all, he is my nephew. How can I be that much heartless after enjoying his inheritance,” uncle declares. Aunt asks, “You should give him some spiritual stone as a goodbye gift as it will show our good will toward Fang Yuan which will help us to control Fang Zheng and Gu Xianer.” Suddenly, Fang Yuan enters with Gu Xianer and Gu Wang. After coming, Fang Yuan declares, “I am going to leave after a few moments with the merchant caravan.” Aunt makes a crying face and comes close to Fang Yuan and then shouts, “How can you just leave us! You were only three when your parents died. From then, I have taken you as my child. Even for that we haven’t taken any baby as we consider you as my own child. It feels like someone is taking my heart away.” Uncle helps aunt and shouts, “Don’t cry. When children become adults, they forget about their parents. Even if they forget us, we will never forget them.” Then uncle looks at Fang Yuan and says, “I know how you are feeling. You have become a man and you have your rights to make your own decision. I will not prevent you as it is a decision of a man. But take this from your uncle, Here are some primeval stones and some Gu worms that will help you on your journey. And hope you will stay safe. Don’t worry, I have talked to the caravan’s manager to take good care of you.” Fang Yuan responds, “Thank you for your consideration.”

While leaving, Fang Yuan ponders, “It looks like uncle and aunt are quite good actors. It doesn’t matter. You haven’t taken a baby because us or you two are physically incapable of taking a baby. Uncle stills uses many healing medicines and gu worms to have a baby. Hahaha.”

Fang Yuan takes his leave with Wang Er

Taking leave after saying final goodbye,

Fang Yuan is about to take his leave. Fang Zheng, Uncle and others are here to say final goodbye. Gu Xianer is hugging Fang Yuan tightly and mumbling while crying, “I am not going to let you leave me. I will do whatever you say, just don’t leave me. I am already feeling very empty. If you really want to leave, then take me with you. I will learn to cook for you. I will wash you clothes. I will help you take a bath. Please don’t leave me.” Uncle and Fang Zheng say, “Don’t worry, Gu Xianer. Your brother will come back soon. You should give a happy goodbye before your brother takes his leave.” Fang Yuan carries Gu Xianer while making some distance from everyone else and shouts, “Gu Wang and Yao Le come here. I have something to tell you all.” After making some distance from everyone else, Fang Yuan says, “Gu Xianer, I will come back even before you can learn all the dishes. What do you say, Gu Wang and Yao Le?” They respond affirmatively. Suddenly, Fang Yuan asks Gu Xianer, “Look at Gu Wang and Yao Le. You are making them cry. They also want to give me a goodbye hug but you are not giving them any opportunities. Do you really want to make them cry?” Hearing this, Gu Wang and Yao Le blush and quickly shouts, “No, we don’t.” Then Fang Yuan says, “This is good. Even if you want to give me a goodbye hug I won’t allow it. Because you are not my sister and can never become my sister but something else.” Hearing this, Gu Wang and Yao Le avoid Fang Yuan’s gaze as their mind is thinking many wild things. Fang Yuan orders all of them to look at him as he is going to say very important things. Everyone looks at Fang Yuan and then he says, “I know you might want to give me a hug but I will consider it after we meet next time. You can’t just casually hug or kiss anyone. You should only do it to your husband or lover. You should consider it very carefully as it is related to your life. Don’t just let anyone touch you over a month-long relationship. You should act irrationally to check if he really loves you or not. After checking irrationally, you should check rationally. Even after that you should hear from your heart. Do you understand? Don’t let anyone touch you, even not your elder or brother or anyone else if you think their motive is not good. It is hard to find out anyone’s motive. So, don’t let anyone touch you. It is the best option.” Gu Xianer, Gu Wang and Yau Le look at Fang Zheng while remembering the kissing scene from before and feel embarrassed.

After some time talking with others, Fang Yuan starts taking his leave. Gu Xianer still insists on going with Fang Yuan as she declares, “I know you are leaving permanently, I have heard it from a servant talking about it. They said that you are leaving the village because everyone considers you a burden for your talent. Everyone considers me as a stupid, eating pig, devouring monster and so I am also leaving with you. I have heard that outside is very dangerous,” then she can’t stop crying and shouts, “They even said that there is a high chance that you will die. I won’t let you die. I have almost lost you once and I don’t want to lose. If you die, then I will also die with you.” Suddenly, Fang Yuan’s eyes turn innocent and he hugs Gu Xianer as helplessness, pain, sorrow, unwillingness are visible in his face. Then Gu Wang and Yao Le can’t take it anymore and hugs Fang Yuan from the side and shouts while crying, “Please, don’t leave us.” Suddenly, Fang Yuan’s eyes turn emotionless for an instance and he releases intense killing intent toward the clan leader and elders who were observing from a distance. For instance, they feel like they have died countless times in brutal ways. They quickly come forward and ask Gu Xianer that his brother is very strong and nothing will happen to him. Fang Zheng, Uncle, the clan leader and other elders try to explain but Gu Xianer, Gu Wang and Yao Le don’t hear anything. They insist on going with Fang Yuan or not letting Fang Yuan leave. Finding no way out, they forcefully keep Gu Xianer, Gu Wang and Yao Le while Fang Yuan takes his leave. Even though Fang Yuan hears Gu Xianer, Gu Wang and Yao Le’s cry, Fang Yuan doesn’t look back. But tears are visible in his eyes.”

  

In Fang Yuan’s mind, 

“At last we are leaving the mountain. Look, this is the first time that Unpredictable Fang Yuan is crying. It looks like Innocent Fang Yuan and Unpredictable Fang Yuan are merging together. I am really excited about how things will become after the two personalities merge together. You will be the next. Hahaha.”

Demonic Fang Yuan doesn’t respond as always and indifference is visible in his eyes like it has nothing to do with him.

  
**

