
[[note for chapter 2 v2]]

After a few moments in Fang Yuan's room, Gu Xianer and Fang Yuan are in deep sleep. Gu Xianer is lying on Fang Yuan's arm while hugging him. Suddenly, Fang Yuan's eyes open up. This pair of eyes don't have any emotion and it looks like an ancient and terrifying beast is hiding  behind this pair of eyes. Fang Yuan expressionlessly moves Gu Xianer from him and then weak up from bed and goes toward the window. It is deep dark in the room while only vivid shadow can be seen. Then Fang Yuan looks at the moon. It looks like the history is repeating itself when Fang Yuan used Spring Autumn Cicada for the first time. If Fang Zheng comes to check, he would be terrified. Because the scene looks exactly the same as Fang Zheng described in his novel. But not like before, Fang Yuan asks in his mind expressionlessly, "Aren't you going to introduce yourself?" In his mind, a respond comes out and the tone was exactly as Fang Yuan asked, "How does it feel coming back to countless ages before when you were nothing but a naive child?" 


Fang Yuan asks which caution as he is trying analysis the being before him, "Who are you?" This being responds, "No matter how much you try to analysis me, you can never find a single thing about me. Ha ha ha. Because now you are just memories with a mere will of you original self. Even now you have got control over this body because I have allowed it. Even I am the one who has prevented the will and memories of your to integrate with your naive self. And now you can't even communicate with your own self the current naive Fang Yuan. ha ha ha" 

Fang Yuan asks again without showing any expression as he is trying to use as many method as he can, "Who are you?" The being responds, "You are really impatient. As you are that much interested, let me tell you who am I?" Saying so, He asks himself, "Who am I? This is really a hard question. Let me think who I am." Then pretending to think, he responds, "I am controlling you and you naive self. In a sense, you can say I am administrating you both. Then how about you call me Administrator Fang Yuan." Fang Yuan responds without expression as he is continuously deducing about Administrator Fang Yuan, "So, you are calling yourself Administrator Fang Yuan. This is quite funny. ha ha ha." Administrator Fang Yuan also starts laughing with Fang Yuan but suddenly both become expressionless. Administrator Fang Yuan says, "It would be quite confusing, if I just call you Fang Yuan? Then what should I call you. Let me think." 


Then he pretends to think and then say, "You were primarily a venerable on refinement path. You schemed against everyone. At first you pretend to be weak while secretly refining thousands of rank 9 gu worms. And then suddenly starts hunting venerable like prey even then hiding your ability. You pretended to be friend but killed them eventually after gaining their trust. While refining this gu world, you have exterminated many living being as you have used them as a fuel. At first you pretend to be good toward the resident of your immortal aperture. They trust you from their heart but you have also used them as fuel while refining the gu world. You called yourself Great Love Immortal Venerable but does all the work which goes against this title. You even used and killed all the girls and others who loved you from their heart. So as a conclusion, I should call you Demonic Fang Yuan." 

Hearing this much lecture from Administrator Fang Yuan, Demonic Fang Yuan doesn't show any emotion as if he doesn't care about anything and he has no regrets doing all these things. Then Demonic Fang Yuan says, "Then I am Demonic Fang Yuan. What about the current Fang Yuan. Should I call me Pure Fang Yuan, Innocent Fang Yuan, Righteous Fang Yuan or Good Fang Yuan?" Administrator Fang Yuan says, "You have given quite good suggestion. Let me think, he is quite inexperience, don't think too much, don't plot against anyone, trying to give her sister a better life at any cost, enduring hardship and many more and a fitting title for him should be Naive Fang Yuan." Demonic Fang Yuan says expressionlessly, "Let's stop these meaningless conversation. Tell me why have you brought me back."







Administrator Fang Yuan responds, "Ok, Let's get serious. I will ask you some questions which will give you, your answer." 
Demonic Fang Yuan responds by nodding his head.
Administrator Fang Yuan asks, "You refined this gu word into you own aperture in your previous life. But even after absorbing this world, did you find the true spirit of this world? No, You have tried to find it but the result was empty so you assumed that there is no spirit of this gu world."
Demonic Fang Yuan responds affirmatively.
Administrator Fang Yuan again asks, "After you merged this gu world into you aperture, you were in the void where there is no light, only darkness. Even though you have spend countless ages in the void, did you ever encounter a single living being? The answer is no."
Demonic Fang Yuan responds by nodding his head.
Administrator Fang Yuan again asks, "In the void, the first difficulty you encountered that your gu worms were not working and even more the rank 10 gu that you had refined instantly got destroyed when you tried to use it, isn't it?"
Fang Yuan responds affirmatively.
Administrator Fang Yuan again asks, "In the void, all the things that you have encountered were beneficial for cultivation and you had easily absorbed it without any difficulties. wasn't it? You have also asked you this question why there were so much resource without any owner, isn't it? You couldn't ever able to use you immortal aperture in the void, isn't it? Even after spending countless ages in the void and becoming very powerful that you had never imagined, you couldn't even use you immortal aperture. It was a feeling like you don't have any aperture, isn't it?"
Demonic Fang Yuan responds affirmatively.
Administrator Fang Yuan asks, "You were doubtful about your existence in the void after spending countless ages, weren't you? Even thought you started probing me, you felt relief after encountering something even if it was you enemy, isn't it right?"
Demonic Fang Yuan responds, "You are right but why everything was like that? I had walked for countless ages in the void but couldn't even find any answer? And even more how did you brought me back in time?"
Administrator Fang Yuan responds, "It is related to forbidden knowledge."
Fang Yuan show shocked in the first time in millennium and asks, "What is forbidden knowledge. I have never heard about it."
Administrator Fang Yuan responds, "It is normal that you haven't heard about forbidden knowledge. Because it is forbidden. Why you have never heard about forbidden knowledge? The answer is simple. Can You recall the history of Dragonman race and their extermination? Duke Long was the one who created the dragonman and was their supreme ancestor. But he exterminated them all just by his thought, wasn't it? The forbidden knowledge is even more dangerous than that. Now, If I want to give you a single answer of your questions which you had searched for countless ages, I need to use forbidden knowledge. If I give you even a single forbidden knowledge, you along with Naive Fang Yuan would die on the spot. Even your body and soul could never be recovered."


Demonic Fang Yuan tries to calm himself down. He have never believed anyone else except him. But in the void, he was alone and he had many restriction. He tried countless ages to find all this answer but had never been able to. So he has no other choice but to believe why he wasn't able to find any answer. Because it is related to forbidden knowledge.
Administrator Fang Yuan says, "I can only tell you about all the forbidden knowledge in the void. But let me give you a hint first."
Hearing this Demonic Fang Yuan becomes very attentive as if he is not going to miss even a single sound.


Administrator Fang Yuan says, "Forbidden knowledge is related to other worldly demon. Here this quick example, You brother Fang Zheng wasn't any other worldly demon in your previous life but now you have also noticed that you brother is an other worldly demon. isn't he?"
Demonic Fang Yuan responds affirmatively.
Administrator Fang Yuan says, "Let me show you all the history of your brother."




And then the memory starts playing before Demonic Fang Yuan.
In the memory, "A young boy is born. His mother and father are pretty happy. From his young age, he loves reading stories. Even from his young age, he starts creating many shorts stories. Hearing all these, Everyone around him become astonished. His mother, father, brother, neighbor, teacher are proud of him. He also feels good. When he is in university, he has already read many classical novel, many stories, many poems, many more things. After completing his graduation, He plans for day and night. He spends sleepless night. He takes inspiration from many books. He wants to create something different that will make a deep impact on the reader. After years of hard work he established his first novel which is called Reverend Insanity. He gains many fame and money through it as it was different from traditional novel. At that time he gets married and also becomes father. After a few years, he becomes very famous writer. Many other writers become afraid of him as his story was getting more attention. They make some devious plan and use government to ban Reverend Insanity. During it's ban, It was at it's peak. He tries many ways to unban it but there was no result. He was in deep despair. Everyone tries to comfort him, but nothing can make him out of his despair. After few month, his saving starts trembling. He has a son who is now in kindergarten. He needs a lot of money. So, he starts creating new novel. After working hard for years, he publishes his new novel with new concept. The philosophy between his first work Reverend Insanity and the new one is totally different. The readers were mainly the follower of Fang Yuan from Reverend Insanity, so the starts questioning why this character is like that. The new character is totally trash compare to Fang Yuan. He tires to change their view by publishing long note, his reason, why the new character is better that Fang Yuan but nothing works. The follower of Fang Yuan starts giving their logic. At the same time, his son is bullied in his school for his father's novel. At times, many rumors starts circulating about him, about his character. All this force him to quite his new novel as he wasn't able to make many money from the novel. Then he writes another, but the fate was the same. Even though he works many time harder but the result was not as he wanted. Even more was that because, In the comment section or review panel of his new novels, the followers of reverend insanity talks about Fang Yuan and his character, how Fang Yuan is good and the new character is an amateur and nothing compare to Fang Yuan. Even though he was gathering many new followers for his new novel but when they read this much negative comment on the new novel, they abandon it. As a result, He starts hating the follower of Fang Yuan. This process follows continuously. He writes new novels but they become the target of Fang Yuan's follower. After many years at his old age, his wife and son left him. His parents also show disappointment in him for writing Reverend Insanity. The neighbor don't talk to him as they think his character is like Fang Yuan's. He becomes isolated. He doesn't have any money left as he spent them on his wife and son but they also left him saying that his real character is like Fang Yuan who is just manipulating everyone around him. He tires to justify him but nothing works. He was suffering from fatal disease but there was no money. When he ask help from his relatives, friends and family, they all give many excuse. Finding no way, he asks donation from online. He gets many funds but it was all from the follower of Fang Yuan. While donating, they give him many suggestion on his new novel, why it is not getting popularity. And the summary in one word is like that you becomes a failure because you are not following Fang Yuan. You new novel should Follow Fang Yuan. At that time, he really hates Fang Yuan. Because he understood that everyone is the follower of Fang Yuan not even the novel Reverend Insanity that he has written. At the time of his death, his biggest regret was creating Fang Yuan and he hates Fang Yuan most. Then he dies. After that he gets reincarnated into his own novel. And now it is going like that."






Seeing this history, Demonic Fang Yuan becomes stupefied. He starts questioning his own existence.
Administrator Fang Yuan asks, "Now what do you think about your life? Is it even real or just the creation of your brother Fang Zheng."
Demonic Fang Yuan can't answer as he is shocked. He has never been this much shocked in his entire life.
Administrator Fang Yuan says, "If you look closely. There is a gab in the story. How did he come to this world after dying. There is a gap, don't there?"
Demonic Fang Yuan responds and asks with great confusion and Wonder, "Yes, what has happened during this gap of frame."


Administrator Fang Yuan responds, "I can't tell you as it is related to forbidden knowledge. Now your primary task is to become venerable as quickly as possible as there is a lot to do beyond this tiny Gu World. But you are not allowed to take control of this body unless it is necessary. Now you have to manipulate you naive self to become venerable as quickly as possible but you can't even alter or manipulate any of his emotions, memories or wills."

Demonic Fang Yuan responds, "It means I need to manipulate Naive Fang Yuan to become venerable while I can't manipulate him in any way. How is it going to work, if I just say here and do nothing."

Administrator Fang Yuan responds, "In normal situation, you can only tries to take control over his body and your result would be at best certain millisecond. And when the situation is like that when Naive Fang Yuan is about to die, you can take full control over him but you would still have restriction like you can't do anything that is not unconsciously supported by Naive Fang Yuan. In simple word, You have to obey Naive Fang Yuan even when you get full control over your body. It would be hard for you to leave this village let alone become venerable, ha ha ha"

Demonic Fang Yuan doesn't responds and looks indifferently as if he has accepted all the reality and now creating new plan for the future.
