

At the same time, In Gu Yue Village

Academy elder, clan head, and other elders are discussing the disappearance of Fang Yuan and Gu Xianer. They are frustrated as Gu Xianer is super talented. On surface, they are talking about finding them, but in their hearts, they shout with anger, “Fang Yuan, if you want to leave or die, do it alone. Why adding Gu Xianer? If we could fing out, you will see what we can do for your work!” Suddenly, someone takes permission and then enters the meeting and shouts, “Estemed clan head, we haven’t found any clue about them.” Clan leader shouts with anger, “Don’t come back without finding them.” He tries to say more but suddenly freezes on the spot for a second. He finds himself in an endless abyss where there is no light. He can’t even feel himself. A voice that is very terrifying says, “Don’t need to panic. I will not kill you as long as you follow my order. I have chosen Fang Yuan as my successor. Now he is in this location with Gu Xianer. Take some powerful healing Gu worms and primeval stones. Then give all the primeval stones and healing Gu warms to Gu Xianer, who will heal Fang Yuan. After you bring Fang Yuan to your village, give him punishment for endangering the great talent of your clan. As punishment, you should announce that Fang Yuan would be under your personal family jail for two months. Now leave quickly. If you do anything wrong, don’t blame me for eliminating your whole clan.” Even before the clan head could understand, he feels as if he is dying a terrible death. Every part of his body is eaten by ants. Suddenly, he comes to reality after facing a tragic death. He starts shaking violently even though he tries to calm himself down. Sweats are visible in his head, and his eyes are frightened so much that they can’t express any emotions. Someone asks, “Clan head, are you okay?" Clan Head doesn’t respond as if he has just experienced a very horrible death. He tells everyone to go as he is not feeling well. After saying that, he doesn’t even wait there for a single second as he goes to his room while shacking.

  

In the room where Fang Yuan and Gu Xianer are staying,

Gu Xianer is crying while holding Fang Yuan’s hand. When she looks at the hand, she can see the bone. She has exhausted all her power to head Fang Yuan, which helps to restore all the vital wounds that could endanger Fang Yuan’s life. She starts crying while saying, "Brother, please open your eyes for a moment. I will never disobey you again. I will do whatever you say.” Gu Wang can’t take this anymore and shouts, “Sister, you have been crying since last night. You should be strong for your brother so that after he wakes up he doesn’t regret seeing you cry.” Wang Er says respectfully, “Estemmed Gu Master, I know how a brother feels for his sister and how a sister feels for her brother. We are brother and sister. If I faced any situation where my sister is in danger, I would sacrifice myself without even thinking for a second. It really hurts when a brother sees a sister crying. You shouldn’t cry, as it would make your brother very sad. If he wakes up and sees your happy face, he will feel very happy and satisfied. It will also increase his recovery speed very rapidly.” Gu Xianer stops crying. Suddenly, Gu Xianer looks at Gu Wang and says, “Tell me about your family.” Gu Wang says, “I am Gu Wang, and everyone calls me sister Wang. This is my brother Wang Er, who found you and brought you to our home last night. This is my father. Everyone calls him Old Man Wang. I also had another brother whose name is Wang Da and his wife, Wan Er. They both are dead.” Hearing about Wang Da and his wife, Old Man Wang shakes for a second, recalling some memories.

While they are chatting, Fang Yuan wakes up and opens his one eye. His other eye looks terrifying as it is sliced open and all the internal organs can also be seen. Seeing Fang Yuan wake up, Gu Xianer can stop, but tears come out of her eyes. Fang Yuan becomes very happy seeing Gu Xianer safe and sound. When he looks at Wang Er, tears automatically come out of his one eye as he recalls the memory of how he killed Wang Er with a lame reason. Then he looks at old man Wang and Gu Wang, which cause even more tears to come out. His condition is very bad, which causes him to faint again from this memory. Killing innocents with a lame excuse is a normal event for Demonic Fang Yuan.

  

After sometime,

Gu Xianer is crying again since Fang Yuan has fainted. She feels very helpless as she couldn’t even use her gu warm anymore as it is dead for using extensively. Even Gu Wang and others can’t give her any comfort. Suddenly, someone enters the room without anyone’s notice. Gu Xianer can’t remember him, but from the outfit, she could say that he is at least a clan elder. The clan head says, “I am Gu Yue Bo, the clan head of Gu Yue Village. And you are Gu Xianer, aren’t you?” Wang Er, Sister Wang, and Old Man Wang kneel down on the spot and show their respects. Gu Xianer starts begging before Gu Yue Bo to save Fang Yuan. Before Gu Xianer can say anything, the clan head quickly grabs Gu Xianer while his body is shaking and fear is visible in his eyes. When he looks at Fang Yuan, he becomes so shocked and startled that he can’t say or do a single thing for a moment. Then he gives Gu Xianer all the healing Gu Worms that he has brought with him and also gives her more than 10,000 primeval stones with a panic as if he is going to face a terrible fate if he delayed for even a single second. Gu Xianer becomes startled for a moment and then starts absorbing primeval stones to replenish her primeval sea. Seeing that many primeval stones, Gu Wang, Wang Er, and Old Man Wang shake violently.

  

At night,

Gu Xianer looks very tired and skinny, as if someone has dried out her vitality. She gives a satisfied smile as she faints on the spot. The clan head also looks exhausted as he was helping Gu Xianer absorb all these primeval stones. Two rank 4 and nine rank 3 healing Gu worms have died since Gu Xianer starts healing Fang Yuan from the morning. The clan head looks stupified as he looks at Fang Yuan, who just wakes up. Fang Yuan looks very healthy, as if he were having a very sweet dream, and he has never been injured since his birth. Fang Yuan looks at Gu Xianer, who is lying beside him while hugging him and giving a satisfied smile, as if now she could die peacefully. Seeing her tired and skinny condition, Fang Yuan becomes very worried, and tears start gathering in his eyes. The clan head says, “You don’t have to worry. She will become fine after getting some healthy food and taking some rest. After going to the village, I will send the medicine hall master to heal her and take good care of her.” Fang Yuan shouts, “Then why are we waiting? Let's go now.”

  

After sometime,

“Then I will take Gu Xianer in my arms, and you come after me. Ok” Fang Yuan responds, “No, I will take her in my arms, as it was my fault to endanger her.” Saying so, Fang Yuan takes Gu Xianer in his lap to go to the village. While leaving, Fang Yuan recalls something and says to Wang Er, Sister Wang, and Old Man Wang, “I am truly grateful to you. I could never repay your debt.” They respond, saying that it is their responsibility and they are the ones who are grateful. Suddenly, Fang Yuan looks at Gu Wang and says, “Do you want to become my personal maid?” Everyone becomes stupified. Even before anyone could say anything, Fang Yuan adds, “Wang Er, if you want, you could also become my servant. And your father could also go with us. I will help you and your sister to become a Gu Master. If you don’t want, you don’t need to push yourself.” Gu Wang shouts with determination, “Thanks you for giving us these opportunities. We are willing.” Fang Yuan asks the clan leader about his opinion. The clan leader quickly responds, “Yes, they are good people.” Fang Yuan tells them, “Ok, think carefully. Our clan leader will send someone here tomorrow to take you all. You all will stay at our house. If you have anything extremely valuable, just take these. We will give you everything you need.” 

  

On the way to return to the village,

Fang Yuan is carrying Gu Xianer in his lap. The clan leader is walking beside Fang Yuan while making sure everything is alright. Fang Yuan’s eyes are neither innocent nor as dark as an endless abyss. It looks unpredictable, as if it will give you security as well as a threat. In Fang Yuan’s mind, Administrative Fang Yuan shouts, “Your plan has worked. You have forcefully awakened the unpredictable personality. This unpredictable personality has inherited all your memory with an innocent personality, which makes it totally unpredictable. Only you, Demonic Fang Yuan, and I, Administrative Fang Yuan, have our own consciousness. This unpredictable Fand Yuan and this innocent Fang Yuan don’t have their own consciousness. This innocent personality doesn’t even care about your memory or decision; it always acts on its own, and even you can’t apply any plan to him, but this unpredictable personality is a mix who will follow your plan but execute it in his own way. He will not do anything that is unconsciously unsupported by innocent Fang Yuan. Even if you plan to be totally supported by innocent Fang Yuan, this unpredictable Fang Yuan would do it in his own way to achieve the same result. It looks like the future would be interesting.”

Demonic Fang Yuan doesn’t respond, as he is as indifferent as always.

  
**