

At the academy,

Everyone is sitting on their seat. Fang Zheng is sitting with Gu Xianer and giving her advice. Gu Xianer also hears and becomes amazed by Fang Zheng’s theory and knowledge. After giving Gu Xianer some advice, Fang Zheng ponders, “It looks like, Gu Xianer has forgotten about Fang Yuan. My plan is working perfectly. Afterward, I will help her break through her rank. Then she will be obsessed with me. Ha ha ha. Now, I need to find Gu Yue Mo Bei to know what is going wrong with his family. But it looks like he is absent today. Gu Yue Chi Chen is also absent. There is definitely something wrong. I will pay a visit to Chi Faction today after the academy.”

Suddenly, the academy elder enters the classroom. He looks extremely tired but determined. After coming, he doesn’t even pay a single look at Fang Zheng as if he doesn’t care about him anymore. He directly declares, “I have some important things to attend so I will take my leave for some time. Other teachers may also take their leave. So, the academy will be temporarily closed for 1 month.” Fang Zheng becomes stupefied and ponders, “What is going on? I haven’t written anything like this. I need to find out what has changed for my regression into my own novel.” Then Fang Zheng asks, “Elder, is there something wrong?” The academy elder responds, “No, there is nothing wrong. It is some personal matters. Ok. Now, you all are dismissed.”

Gu Xianer asks, “Second Brother, are you not going with me?” Fang Zheng responds, “I have something to do. You go first.” After Gu Xianer takes her leave, Fang Zheng goes toward Chi Faction. After some time, Fang Zheng stands before Chi Faction but the condition is the same as Mo Faction. There are even more guards just at the entrance than Mo Faction. They are guarding the Chi Faction in a way as if some kind of extremely secret ritual is going on there. Fang Zheng prepares himself mentally and physically and takes the proper posture. After that with confidence, he approaches Chi Faction as if he is the owner of Chi Faction. But all his confidence shatters when all the guards ask him to leave. Fang Zheng declares that he has been summoned by the head of the Chi Faction. Fang Zheng even intimidates them saying, “I have been summoned. Do you want to go against the head of Chi Faction?” Hearing this some guards hesitate. Seeing their hesitation, Fang Zheng tries to add something more to intimidate but before Fang Zheng can add anything more, the head of the guard orders Fang Zheng without any hesitation and fear. Fang Zheng tries other ways but fails. He becomes extremely frustrated. While returning home, Fang Zheng ponders with anger and frustration, “There is something definitely going wrong. Everything was dancing in my palm just a few days ago but right now they are all out of my hands. It looks like heaven’s will is doing something. Heaven’s Will may have read all my memories but the chances are very low as I haven’t given Heaven’s Will this ability to directly manipulate humans or access their memory as it wishes. It looks like Heaven’s Will is taking action against me in other ways as I have totally suppressed Fang Yuan and Gu Xianer who are my primary obstacles. I need to do something and find out the actual situation.”

  

After a few days,

Gu Xianer, Gu Wang, and Yao Le are walking together at the marketplace of the merchant caravan. Gu Xianer asks Yao Le, “I have come to the merchant caravan’s market with my big brother. He bought me many things. At that time, there were many things at the market but right now it is almost empty.” Yao Le responds, “You are right, sister Xianer. I have also come many times here with my grandma but right now it looks extremely dull.” Gu Wang says, “Even though it is almost empty, it still has many more things than our village market.” Gu Xianer declares, “I haven’t seen my big brother for many days. I will not go home today without seeing my big brother. Every time I try to pay a visit to my brother, they say that he is alright. I also have a feeling that my brother would be alright. But I want to see my brother’s face and touch it with my hand.”

After some time, they stand before the clan head mansion. Gu Xianer insists on seeing Fang Yuan. Yao Le and Gu Wang also support them. But the guard denies them. Suddenly, the clan head comes out of his mansion. All the guards pay their respects. The clan head declares, “Your brother will pay you a visit after seven days next Saturday. So, please leave my mistress.” While leaving, Yao Le asks Gu Xianer, “Why did the clan head call you a mistress with such respect? Even another day my grandmother told me to follow you from my heart and become a soul friend.” Gu Xianer becomes confused and asks her again, “I don’t know either.” Gu Wang adds, “I am just a mere mortal and just a servant of young master Fang Yuan. But the clan elder shows me so much respect which I don’t deserve. Is it because of Young Master Fang Yuan?” Gu Xianer responds, “Maybe. I have a feeling that it has something to do with my brother and I am also feeling happy about seeing my brother next Saturday but I am feeling a bit empty as if I am going to separate from something that is very important to me.” Gu Yao says, “Don’t worry. I am always with you and your brother will be alright.”

  

In the clan head’s mansion,

Gu Yue Bo is kneeling before Fang Yuan and handing over some gu. Even without looking at it, Fang Yuan says, “It looks like you are quite capable. You have already brought 27 million spiritual stones and most of the materials.” Gu Yue Bo responds with excitement, “Yes, esteemed immortal, you lowly servant has already sold all the limit breaker gu except this one rank 4 limit breaker gu worm. But I am currently negotiating. I sold one to Jia Fu and the other to an old friend of mine who is quite rich. And I will sell the last one to a famous businessman who is acquainted with Jia Fu.

  

After a few days,

All the clan elders submit their results. All of them bow down and ask for forgiveness for not being able to fulfill the expectations. Fang Yuan responds, “I know this would happen. You have been able to break through to rank 4 but you don’t have any foundation of rank 4 so I order Gu Yue Bo to help you all. Now, you all will be unified under Gu Yue Bo because you all have failed to prove that any of you can replace Gu Yue Bo from his clan leader position.” Everyone responds affirmatively. Fang Yuan adds, “When you invade others, you must be unified. I hope at least you capture the other two villages and create a secure force in Qing Mao Mountain. I will make Fang Yuan leave this mountain within a few days to train him. You all know the relationship between Fang Yuan and his sister Gu Xianer. I know you should all understand how you should treat her after I leave.” Everyone responds, “Yes, esteemed immortal, we will treat her like our queen.” Suddenly, Fang Yuan’s eyes turn into an endless abyss, and then asks without any expression, “Are you telling me she is not capable of being sovereign?” Everyone becomes frightened just by looking at a glance of his eyes. They don’t dare to look at these eyes again. They shout while trembling from fear, “We will do whatever is told by young mistress Gu Xianer. Fang Yuan addes, “Let her be as she is. Don’t disturb her. But also make sure that she doesn’t feel any discomfort at any cost. Also, remember Gu Wang is Gu Xianer’s servant. It looks like Yao Le is also a good friend. Don’t interfere or manipulate her relationship.” Hearing this, Some elders feel extreme pressure, especially the medicine hall elder as Fang Yuan looks at her with eyes which are emitting endless darkness. Quickly, the medicine hall elder kneels down and asks for forgiveness.

  

At the same time,

Gu Xianer, Gu Wang, and Yao Le are walking here and there going from one store to another. Gu Xianer is very excited as well and confused. She is planning to give her brother a surprise but couldn’t find any idea. Gu Xianer asks while frustration is visible on her face, “What should I do for my brother? I want to give him some surprise.” Yao Le says, “How about you buy something that your brother might like?” Gu Wang adds, “How about you cook something special and new for your brother?” Yao Le shouts, “Yes, this is a good idea.” Gu Xianer becomes excited and shouts, “Then I will prepare something special and new which my brother have never eaten before. But what should we cook and even more I have never cooked anything before.” Gu Wang says, “I and sister Yao Le will help you.” Then they start discussing cheerfully. Suddenly, Fang Zheng asks from behind, “You all looks very happy and motivated.” Gu Xianer tries to respond saying, “Big brother is…” but Gu Want interrupts saying, “It is a secret.” Yao Le also shouts, “Yes, this is a secret. We will not tell you.” Then Gu Xianer also shouts, “Yes, this is a secret about big brother. We will not tell you.” Fang Zheng becomes shocked and then quickly grabs Gu Xianer tightly and orders her while pressuring her with his rank 2 cultivation, “Tell me everything about Fang Yuan. What is the secret.” Not only Gu Xianer but also Gu Wang and Yao Le become very frightened feeling Fang Zheng’s pressure and seeing his eyes which is looking the eyes of an hungry beast which is looking at it’s pray while it has been starving to death while searching for food for eternities. Gu Xianer can’t speak anything as she is extremely frightened. Yao Le responds the questions of Fang Zheng.

  

At night in Fang Zheng’s room,

Fang Zheng is lying on the bed and ponders, “Finally, I have gotten some clues but it is not clear at all. Fang Yuan is coming on Saturday. It looks like a normal event. Because the punishment of Fang Yuan will end and it is normal. But I have a bad feeling. I am feeling that everything that is going out of my plan has something to do with Fang Yuan. Is Heaven’s will giving Fang Yuan some kind of plot armor to become an obstacle on my path. I can recall I had given so much plot armor to Fang Yuan’s enemy. It looks like it is backfiring on me right now. I have to find out what is exactly going on.”

  

At the sametime in Gu Xianer’s room,

Gu Xianer is crying quietly while Gu wang is comforting her. Gu Wang says, “Everything will be ok when Young Master Fang Yuan will return. We should prepare ourself for Young Master. We can’t let young master see you like this. He will be very sad.” Gu Xianer tries to not cry but tears comes out automatically. She recalls the moment when Fang Zheng is calling her a pig who eats everything up but Fang Yuan who always support her and scolds other who says something bad about her. When she was young, she can’t differentiate between Fang Zheng and Fang Yuan. But as time passess, She could easily differentiate Fang Yuan. Suddenly she recalls a memory, Fang Yuan was feeding Gu Xianer while telling her story. She ate up everything without knowing. Even when she protested that Fang Yuan should eat as well with her while feeding her, but she always forget about it because of Fang Yuan’s astonishing stories. Even though Fang Yuan got scolded for feeding her, Fang Yuan would never mind and always continues feeding Gu Xianer. Gu Xianer falls asleep while recalling everything. Tears are coming out from her eyes while she is dreaming everything.

  
**