

After a few days,

The merchant caravan arrives. The clan Leader personally greets the merchant caravan leader, Jia Fu. And then, they do some meetings in secret. In the meeting, Gu Yue Bo says to Jia Fu, “Brother Jia Fu, let me show you a surprise.” Suddenly, Jia Fu becomes shocked and frightened as he is suppressed by Gu Yue Bo’s aura. After a while, Gu Yue Bo retrieves his aura pressure from Jia Fu and says, “I will be direct. Do you want to advance to the rank 5?” Jia Fu can’t process anything, just a second ago he was totally suppressed by Gu Yue Bo’s aura. And Even more, Gu Yue Bo doesn’t have the talent to become a rank 5 gu master. And even more surprisingly, Gu Yue Bo is offering him to become a rank 5 cultivator which is his dream. This is too much information and too much surprise as well as excitement which made him totally startled. Gu Yue Bo asks with some anger, “Do you want to or not? If you don’t say it right now, I will not give this opportunity to you again.” Jia Fu responds quickly while shouting, “Yes.” Gu Yue Bo says, “I have a gu worm which will allow you to become a rank 5 gu master while ignoring your talent. Now tell me how many primeval stones can you give me to become a rank 5 gu master.” Jia Fu responds quickly, “I will spend all my personal savings as well as all my family properties to become a rank 5 gu master.”

Gu Yue Bo says, “Ok, bring at least 10 million primeval stones as well as all the materials that are listed in it.” Without giving any opportunity to say anything, Gu Yue Bo suddenly suppresses Jia Fu and orders him to stop resisting because Gu Yue Bo is going to use this Gu worm on his as a demo. Then Jia Fu sits down and Gu Yue Bo sents a rank 4 limit breaker gu worm in Jia Fu’s primeval aperture and then uses it. After several hours, Jia Fu becomes a rank-four middle-stage cultivator. Without waiting any longer, Gu Yue Bo declares, “Remember this experience, you also lack talents and had been on rank 4 initial stage for over a decade. I will give you this gu worm if you can fulfill my condition. I have other work to do. I am leaving. Remember this is only a one-time opportunity.”

After Gu Yue Bo takes his leave, Jia Fu becomes frightened thinking “Why Gu Yue Bo would sell this kind of gu worm to anyone? I know everything about his village. But there is nothing like this.” After using his brain for over an hour, Jia Fu comes to a conclusion, “This is really like a dream. It looks like Gu Yue Bo must have gotten some kind of immortal inheritance. He is gathering this many primeval stones to advance to become a gu immortal. Because He used many primeval stones while increasing my rank. This is the only logical explanation.” After thinking that, Jia Fu becomes very frightened and ponders to himself, “I must take this opportunity, and even more I must make a good relationship with him. There is a high probability that he has something that must be related to Immortals.”

  

In the medicine hall elder’s mansion,

The elder of the medicine hall shouts in her heart, “I have asked the clan head that I want to become his subordinate but he rejected me and even called other elders to do their best and not to make any alliances as it might offend the immortal. I have been using the rank three limit breaker gu worm for several days without any rest. Now I have become ranked three peak stage gu master. This Gu worm is really amazing. I am only one step away from becoming a rank 4 gu master. While breaking the barrier of the rank three peak stage primeval aperture, this gu worm will use all its might, also consume a low of primeval stones as well as it will consume itself completely. It looks like, every gu worm has some strength and weakness as the esteemed immortal says. I will have to take my leave and visit some of my old friends and acquaintances after breaking through to the rank 4 initial stage.” First I need to call Yao Le and talk to her.

  

At the same time,

Fang Zheng approaches Yao Le who is doing her duty to look at everything that is happening in the medicine hall. Fang Zheng says while Yao Le is observing patients, “It looks like you are busy as always. You are really kind and lively. Do you know your future husband will be the luckiest man in the entire gu world to have such a beautiful, gentle, and elegant girl?” Yao Le blushes and tries to deny it while looking at the other side. Seeing this response, Fang Zheng gives a devilish smile in his heart and ponders, “Only a little praise can make you my pawn and puppet. Ha ha ah.” Then Fang Zheng tries to add something more, but a servant comes running and shouts, “Young mistress Yao Le, your grandmother, the elder of the medicine hall is calling you urgently. Please, come quickly.” Fand Zheng mumbles with anger and frustration, “Can’t you come after 5 minutes? It was a good mood. I have controlled the flow of the conversation directly this time. Sigh, this is really bad luck.”

  

The next day,

Fang Zheng visits Bai Faction to interact with Gu Yue Mo Yan, the granddaughter of the leader of Bai Faction. When Fang Zheng asks the guards if he wants to pay a visit to Gu Yue Mo Yau, Gu Yue Mo Bei, and his grandfather, the guards immediately reject them. Fang Zheng says with a startled face because he has never expected to be rejected by those lowly guards, “Are you sure?” “The guards respond with affirmation with a serious tone as if they would die if anyone enters their house. Fang Zheng asks, “Where is everyone? Are they out or in the house?” The servants respond, “We can’t tell you anything, please just leave. Please don’t force us to do anything bad with you.” With an angry tone, Fang Zheng asks, “Are you sure what are you saying? Do you have a death wish?” Without saying a single thing, the servants take a fighting position. Seeing this Fang Zheng gets extremely angry while pondering, “This Bai Faction is under my control. I have even solidified my position there. Is there something wrong? No, I have calculated everything. These lowly servants dare to block me. I will teach you a good lesson today even if it reveals my true rank.” Then Fang Zheng starts attacking them while they also start fighting Fang Zheng. After some time, Fang Zheng stops while pondering, “What is going on? They are fighting as if they are going to die if I pass through the door. There are about 5 rank one gu masters placed on the entrance. There should be some mortals at the entrance. And the mansion looks quiet. There is definitely something wrong. I need to go back and find out what is going on.”

Fang Zheng ponders, “It is morning, After some time our academy class will start. I better get ready. I will ask Gu Yue Mo Bei directly what is going on. I need to go home back as I haven’t done my breakfast as I was planning to do my breakfast with Gu Yue Mo Yao. I am really hungry now. After having my breakfast with my sister, I will accompany my sister to the academy and will also give her some primeval stones. Ha ha ha. She will eventually forget about Fang Yuan. Ha ha ha.” Thinking all this, Fang Zheng gives a devilish smile while shouting, “After I am the creator of this gu world ha ha ha.” His devilish smile echoes through the streets. A small girl starts crying loudly and hugs her parent as she becomes very frightened. Everyone quickly makes quite a distance from Fang Zheng and starts saying many things about him which makes Fang Zheng furious. While Fang Zheng leaves the place quickly, he ponders, “You lowly laugh as much as you want. You will now even survive 200 chapters. You are such lowly that even your fate is written by me. If I had wanted, I would have made all of you immortal. But you all are just a stepping stone. I had written that you all would be a stepping stone for Fang Yuan but now you all will be a stepping stone for me as I am the author of this world. Everything should follow as I have planned. Ha ha ha.” Again Fang Zheng’s devilish laughter echoes through the streets.

After some time Fang Zheng enters his house where his servant, Shen Cui, greets him. Fang Zheng asks, “Have Gu Xianer finished her breakfast?” Shen Cui responds seductively, “Yes, your sister has finished her breakfast with Gu Want. Now they are preparing to go to the academy.” Fang Zheng orders, “Go and bring my breakfast.” Shen Cui responds hesitantly, “Young Master Fang Zheng, you have told us that you will not have breakfast with us today and will complete your breakfast outside. So there is no breakfast left. No problem, Please wait for some time, I will prepare breakfast for you right now.”

Fang Zheng becomes frustrated and orders, “Don’t need to make breakfast. Dress me up for the academy.” While dressing Fang Zheng up, Shen Cui seduces Fang Zheng with her body and says seductively, “Young Master, if you want, I can accompany you right now. Even It would be a great honor if I could accompany you every night like before.” As Fang Zheng is extremely frustrated as well as hungry, he can’t take anymore and orders her to shut the door.

After 5 minutes,

Fang Zheng opens the door and leaves the room as he is totally prepared to go to the academy and Shen Cui accompanies him while she looks extremely happy and satisfied. While going towards Gu Xianger’s room, Fang Zheng ponders, “It looks like, I have lost my sexual desire towards Shen Cui after sleeping with her continuously for three months. I can’t even enjoy it for three minutes. Now I understand how Giant Sun Immortal Venerable felt. I think I shouldn’t have created this much weakness. If it continues, I mightn’t even enjoy it anymore within a few years. Wait, Now that I recall. I had written in my novel that Fang Zheng would be bought as a slave by a female Hairy Men. And she would rape Fang Zheng continuously as a result, she would get pregnant and give birth to Fang Zheng’s son.”

Suddenly, Fang Zheng hears Gu Xianer’s greeting, “Good morning brother, What are you thinking so deeply that you haven’t noticed me.” Fang Zheng responds quickly, “I was thinking about how can I improve your rank. Ok, I will accompany you. Let’s go together to our academy.” Gu Xianer responds affirmatively as she doesn’t have my hatred for Fang Zheng and not even for anyone. She just blames herself for being a burden on Fang Yuan and causing him great harm. She even blames herself for Fang Yuan’s punishment. Gu Xianer loves Fang Yuan more than anyone else in the world as Fang Yuan has been taking care since they were young even though they are twins. She has been scolded many times for her stupid actions as her brain ages three times slower for her divine physics. Even when she had done something wrong, Fang Yuan would take the blame saying that he told Gu Xianer to do it or he had done it himself. She needs more food than normal. Sometimes it is much more than an adult. For that, not only Fang Zheng but also her aunt and uncle call her a monster and say statements like these “Are you some kind of monster? Why are you devouring everything like that?” "What are you, a human or an eating monster?" “Gu Xianer, you are eating up everything. Can’t you see I and brother Fang Yuan haven’t even started eating?” She is just like an innocent child. But she can understand those statements. She feels sad for everyone else as she thinks that she is eating other’s parts. When there was no one around her, only Fang Yuan supported her without considering any consequences. From then on Fang Yuan starts feeding Gu Xianer. Fang Yuan would always take both of their food on the same palate and then feed her most of the food while telling her many stories which she had never heard. When she raised objection about it, Fang Yuan would say, “Everyone has a different kind of appetite. So, they need different amounts of food. I don’t need much food but you need it. Do you know, that those who have a big appetite, would become immortal one day? You will become very strong in the future. So, you have to protect me in the future.” Hearing this, Gu Xianer would always get motivated and eat with satisfaction. Sometimes, she would consume everything leaving nothing for Fang Yuan. Then she felt extreme sorrow. But Fang Yuan would say, “I have eaten some food before feeding her. So, you don’t need to worry.” But as she becomes older even though this is three times slower, she understands that her brother Fang Yuan sometimes didn’t eat a single meal for the whole day. She feels extremely sad and guilty but Fang Yuan says, “Ok, You know I don’t need to eat much. From now on, I will feed you three times and I will eat one time. Ok”, Gu Xianer responded, “No, I will eat one time and then you will eat one time like this.” Fang Yuan responded affirmatively but when he fed Gu Xianer, He would always feed her more while she was absorbed in the astonishing story.

  
**