## ONE Brothers and Sisters - Past and presents
1. Sibling boys always fight with each other physically.
2. Siblings girls recalls what others do to them last week, last month and last year. And they never forgive. They have sharp memories if others have done something wrong to them.
3. Siblings get along until they start walking and talking.
4. Siblings asks their parents "Why did you have to have her/him? Why could I be an only child."
5. The older ones complain that the younger ones never listen to him and the younger ones complain that the older one is mean and bossy.
6. Why parents having experience with their own childhood siblings rivalry fails to prevent and understand their own children's siblings rivalry. Because It is one thing to be a child and doing the fighting and it is another thing to be a parents and cope with the fighting.
7. Older brother used to make fun of me and parents would always say that don't responds to him and he won't bother you but I one always responds. When brushing teeth, my older brother used to tease me saying, take your tooth brush and leave. No one loves you anyway. And this tricks always worked and I would always cry on that one.
8. My brother also, I was 8 and used to ride bike. My brother would always try to push me when i was riding and it got me so mad that I tried to call the police but my mother prevented me and said that I have to talk to my father. That night I pretend to sleep but my father wake me up and I was afraid for being punished but my father said you can't handle that much of your anger. I was relieved but that night I was lying and feeling anger and anger again and again while feeling helpless.
9.  My brother wasn't allowed to be mean to me because I was daddy's little girl. I could get away with anything and I did many horrible things. Once I throw hot bacon grease on him. Another time I punched his arm with a fork. Sometime he would try to stop me by holding my hands but when he let go of me, I would really heart him. One day my parents weren't at home and he punched me in the face. I still have the scar under my eye. That was it and afterward I have never laid a hand on him again.
10. Me and my brother were a really good relationship from the very beginning. My mother would always put my brother in charge of me and he was really good to me. When my mother ordered me to finished the battle before going out and my brother have to wait. My brother would drink the battle for me and then we would happily go out to play.
11. Me and my sister were also good relationship. We work together from out teen. When our mother punish us, we used to go to hunger strike. We were very skinny and going to hunger strike was really effective. But in reality we were never in hunger strike. When I was in hunger strike, my sister would bring food secretly for my and when she was in, I would do that.
12. My brother used to tell me and argued me that I am the one who is adopted. And not real son.
13. I remember once when I was around thirteen, we were dressing up to go to a family wedding. I thought I looked really nice. She stood next to me in the mirror and said, ‘I’m the GGG girl—Gorgeous, Glamorous, and Glorious.’ Then she looked at me and said, ‘You’re the SSS girl—‘Sweet, Simple, and Sincere.’ I’ve never forgotten it. To this day if anyone praises me, I think, ‘Yeah, yeah, but you should meet my sister.’
14. The siblings get really together when there is serous problem with their parents.
15. I observed my sons at home, while they are cleaning kitchen, they start arguing who's subject and majors are important. One is from Art and other is from Science. After sometime their arguing become even intense and both of them are giving their own argument to make other party accept their argument. At time they start talking about what other have done wrong to them in past and the argument become even more intense. After a few moment, the mode change again as they starts recalling their childhood funny memories. Now as I heard them from another room, I am surprised how relaxed I am right now and How happy I am feeling about their relationship. I know that the differences in interests and temperament that kept them from being close in childhood are still there. But I also know that over the years I had helped them build the bridges to span the separate islands of their identities. If they ever need to reach each other, they have many ways of getting there.

## TWO not till the bad feelings come out
- "You are always with the baby." instead of replying, "No, I don't. Don't I just read you?" reply, "You don't like me spending so much time with her." In that way you acknowledge his negative feelings.
- "I heard him laughing about me with his friends." instead of replying, "Boys are like that." says, "that hurt your feeling. You wise he would show some loyalty to her sister."
- Instead of let them hit, tell them to say their anger out loud.
- instead of letting them say anger with bad words, teach them to show anger better way.
- Sometime you would know what is wrong but not what is right.
- Just asks them how he would feel if his sister would do that to him. Don't force him to make any statement. if he thinks about it, this is enough. He don't have to answer to you except himself.
- It is good to express you anger through writing or drawing.
