Another month passes by. Now Fang Yuan is in deep care of Fang Ma and others. Fang Sianer and Yao Le are going to their academy regularly and fang ma play with fang yuan. Help him recover. Fang Yuan's would that he had created vanished on the day as fang ma used powerful martial elixir. Now it is afternoon and Fang Yuan is in the courtyard of their watering the flowers. Fang Ma is helping him. Fang Ma has strictly forbidden anyone from coming near fang yuan as during this one month fang ma has understood that if fang yuan sees anyone other then someone close to him. And so the courtyard is empty except fang yuan and fang ma. After watering flower, Fang Yuan pluck a beautiful rose and then place the flower in fang ma ears and then says, "M-mama, I l-love.. y-you." Tears come in fang ma's eyes but a gentle laugh that hides immense joy can be seen in her face and Fang Ma embrace fang yuan and says, "My son, my love, I know you love me. And I also love you." Fang Yuan's face is still carrying immense fear, sorrow and horror of himself and they have made parmenant scrace. And Deep worried and helplessness has placed permanent mark on Fang Ma's face just by worrying and taking care of her son fang yuan. But at that moment, it is as if all those worries and helplessness has vanished with the shared pure love of fang ma and her son fang yuan. Fang Yuan has tightly embraced fang ma and now sobbing and crying. And Fang Ma is also doing the same. After a few moment, Fang Yuan says while sobbing, "M-Mama, I am a-afraid." Fang Ma responds, "Don't worry my love, I am here. You don't have to be afraid. Mama will help you."

After sometime, the situation become normal as Fang Yuan and Fang ma start walking through the guardian and watching the bugs and butterflies playing in the flower. 

At that time, Fang Sianer and Yao Le rush and come into the courtyard. And then fang ma says, "What are you doing, mama and my love?" Fang Ma responds, "We are just taking some fresh air." Yao Le says, "Fang Sianer, Have you forgotten?" Fang Sianer says, "Oh, I almost forgotten." Saying so Fang Sianer and Yao Le brings out 4 lolipops and says, "Look, brother we have brought lolipops for you." THen they destributes the lolipops and then starts eating it. Yao Le looks at Fang Ma and says, "Aunty, you are looking gorgeous. Who give you this flower?" Fang Ma places her hand in her ear and says with a pure joy of laughter, "Oh! I have almost forgotten about it. Who would it be other then my beloved son, my love, Fang Yuan!" Seeing this pure gentle laughter, Yao Le can't but blush with her own imagination. At that moment, Fang Sianer demands, "my love, You used to give me flower also. So give me it now as you have given mama." jealousy is visible in her. Fang Ma and Yao Le can't but start laughing seeing fang sianer's forced angry face. Fang Yuan also gives smiles but it can't even become visible by the burden that he is carrying. But Fang Yuan stands up and after searching for sometime, fang yuan finds another beautiful big rose. He pluck it and then place it in fang sianer's ear. and says, "My sianer, you look gorgeous. I love you." Fang sianer jumps into fang yuan embrace and says, "my love, I also love you." After sometime, Fang Yuan looks at Yao Le but can't meet her gaze. But hesitantly, pluck a beautiful big rose from behind. Seeing this, Fang Ma and fang sianer is waiting eagerly as they are laughing. Yao Le is feeling blush as she is standing. As fang yuan tries to extends his hand with flower, it starts shaking violently and tears has already starts flowing like violent river. And Fang Yuan can't make it to Yao Le's head and his hand stops before Yao Le's face. It is still quite distance but Yao Le can easily feel the fragrance of the rose. Seeing Fang Yuan head looking at the ground and his hand trembling and also notices the tears that touches the ground and then fang ma's hearts skip for a bit and then shouts in her hearts, "I have noticed it for the past month that fang yuan never look at yao le's face and when he sees yao le, his face become fearful. It must mean that my love is feeling guilt what he hasn't done. I must have to do something. I have tried to make Fang Yuan normal but He would always act this way when seeing yao le. I have a feeling that If i can make my love understand that he has done nothing wrong with yao le. It would be enough. And I have go perfect opportunity." Then Fang Ma quickly grabs fang yuan's shaky hand and make his place flower in her ear. And then says, "Yao Le why are you not hugging fang yuan. he has giving you flower." Yao Le hesitants for sometime as she is still blushing. But fang ma doesn't wait and push Yao Le and Yao le hesitently embrace fang yuan. But fang yuan isn't even embraced her so as if trying to make himself distant from her. at that moment, tears are flower intensely and fear, guilt is eminent in his face as he is shaking. With shaky voice, fang yuan says, "I-i a-am s-sorr..." He can't complete the word sorry. Because for what he is sorry for. does he really deserve to be forgiven for what he has done. And is it something that he can even asks for forgiveness.

The afternoon passes by quickly and it is already night  and dinner time. THe servants has prepared food and brough the food in their room. Fang Ma is still worries. Fang Ma looks determined then ever. She has made Yao Le site very close to Fang Yuan as they are studying the theoritical part. Yao Le and Fang Sianer study and practice with fang yuan and they even teach what academy has taught them to fang yuan. they are doing this for the lost month. Fang Ma looks at fang yuan and yao le beside him and ponders, "Still even after trying hard for one month, fang yuan hasn't come out of his guilt and even sometime rather then understanding that he has done nothing wrong to yao le, it sometime backfire as fang yuan do the opposite. But I believe that It is the strong way, I need to take even more strong step to make my son normal." Then says, "It is dinner time and everyone take your food." And then fang ma gives everyone thier plate of food and forks. and then says, "Yao Le, today you will be the one to feed fang yuan. I am the one always feed him but today you will." Yao Le responds hesitently, "I-I..." Fang Sianer shouds, "I will do it." Fang Ma says no, only yao le with determination. Yao Le takes a spoon of fried rice and then place it before fang yuan's mouth, her hand is shaking from shyness and the intense heart beat. Fang Ma helps push the spoon in fand yuan mouth and fang yuan take his bite but even though after chewing, he tries to swallow the chewed rice but it looks like this bite of rice is even heavier and hearder than swallowing mountain. Now matter how much he tries, he can't even make it to his throat as his throat starts feeling dry and feels intense pain as if billions of ants is bitting and eating and swallowing his throat. Fang Yuan's can't take it anymore as he again lose his consciousness.

After sometime, fang yuan is lying on the bed. Even though fang ma looks worred but determination is visible in her eyes. Yao Le is crying and Fang Sianer is trying to comfort her. Fang Ma says, "Yao Le, I have told you many time that you have to become strong and I have already told you why I have allowed and even tried to stay at our house and beside fang yuan." Yao Le responds sobbing, "I know. But still..." Fang Ma says, "I can't tell you exactly why fang yuan behabs this way seeing you but I have told you that he thinks that he has done something very bad to you and he is very guity and can't make himself forgive himself. Even though he hasn't done anything. But he just think that maybe he has done something bad maybe in his previous life, he thinks but this hasn't actually happened."

Fang Yuan loosing consciousness isn't terrifying to them as fang yuan has looses consciousness many times during the month after meeting or seeing someone even maybe form a distance. They feel very horrified and sad when fang yuan gets mad and starts crying and doing many self harm. Because during this month after seeing someone, fang yuan has gone mad and even almost killed himself. But lately fang yuan hasn't gone mad or lost consciousness. Even after accidenly seeing someone, at best just tears comes out and starts shaking.

Suddenly Yao Le asks sobbing, "Brother fang yuan wanted to go to the academy from tomorrow. What would you do aunty fang ma?" Fang Ma says, "Fang Yuan hasn't asked for anything but suddenly this afternoon want to go to academy and Even though I am worried, I think I will respect his decision and allow it." Fang Sianer shouts, "DOn't worry mama, I will take care of brother fang yuan." Fang Ma says, "I will also go with you but at academy I will look after you from a distance."