Just then, Fang Yuan’s eyes flutter open, and he whispers, his voice faint and dry, **"Mmm… W-water…"** Shen Cui reacts instantly, grabbing a nearby mug, filling it with water, and handing it to Fang Ma. **"Thank you, Shen Cui,"** Fang Ma says gratefully. She gently helps Fang Yuan sit up slightly so he can drink more easily. 

But as Fang Yuan’s gaze falls upon Shen Cui and fang zheng, a flicker of a dark memory crosses his mind… he recalls the memories of him how he looks at shen cui with indifference, how he tourchered her as she come to seduce him. And this wasn't much effect but as he looks at fang zheng too much dark memories flood in him instantly and as before seeing those memories he feels those memories and fainted on the spot again. 

One day letter, the same action repeat again. As, Fang Sianer injects her martial essence into fang yuan's martial core while Fang Ma is injecting her martial essence into fang sianer's martial core to recover her martial essence. Yao Le is helping if there is needed. Now they all are taking rest as they are tired from continuous efforts. And then fang yuan again wakes up saying, "Ma... ma... Water..." Fang Ma jumps up from her resting and Yao Le quickly fills up glass of water and give it to Fang Ma. Fang Sianer is sleeping as she is the one who is most tired. After finishing the water he cries out as he recalls the memores of what he has done to his brother. And it was a devastating blow because fang yuan hasn't come out of the mental shocked of what he had done to Yao Le.

Times goes by and it is already Afternoon. Everyone is trying every mean to making fang yuan normal. Fang Yuan is simply playing with cards with Fang Ma, Fang Sianer, Yao Le, Fang Zheng and Shen Cui. He looks very week not physically but mentally. Can't articulate words properly but still playing the game as he enjoys it.

At that moment, Fang Yuan's aunt enter's into the room and says, "How is everything going on, sister fang ma." Fang Ma responds it is going well and fang yuan's condition is becoming normal. Fang Yuan's aunt says, "Fang Yuan's uncle want to check on fang yuan as he hasn't get the chance to see fang yuan wakes up for around two month. He is waiting outside." Fang Ma stands up from casual sitting as she was playing with fang yuan and says, "Ok, let him in. There is no problem." Fang Yuan's aunt shouts, "Husband, you can come in." Then gu you dong to also enters into the room and then both dong tu and his wife approach towards fang yuan who is currently very engaged in playing with his peers.

After seeing fang yuan awake, dong tu says, "Fang yuan has finally waken up. It is around more than two month." Fang Ma says, "It is really a relief!" Then Dong Tu bring out a martial portion and hands it over to fang ma and says, "It is a powerful martial portion which will help to fang yuan." Fang Ma takes it and says, "Thanks you for your consideration."

After all those times, Fang Yuan noticed them because fang yuan's sense isn't working perperly not because they are defected but the mind can't co-ordinate with them properly. As fang yuan looks Dong Tu and his wife, his eyes wide open suddenly as his surrounding vanishes and he found himself on a battlefield and killing his clan men. His aunt and uncle beg him not to kill them but fang yuan kills them merchilessly. Then fang Yuan comes out of his memory and starts heating his head and also starts grabbing and pulling his hair. His grab and pull is so violent that even the hairs violently come out of his head. Fang Yuan is shouts like a mad man, "No... No... Why... Why... No... No... H-How... c-can... I...  H-How... c-can... I..." Each words takes immense strenghth for him to articulate. 