The next day, Fang Yuan condition are pretty good compare to his previous day but it can't be said even close to good as his mental condition isn't good enough. Fang Yuan has waken and fang ma has clean him up and make him fresh. And then, says, "Yao Le and Sianer, look after Fang Yuan as I am going prepare Fang Yuan best dish with my hands. After finishing eating, you two will go to the academy."

Fang Sianer shouts, "No, mama, I am not going today! Brother has awaken up after around more that 1 month. SO I am not going. And more brother hasn't become normal yet. He can even speak now properly."

Yao Le shouts, "Yes, aunty, sister sianer is right! We are not going to academy today."

Fang Ma's condition isn't that good as she is the one who has taken care of every of fang yuan from cleaning up to feeding and sometime even cooking. Fang Ma doesn't allow any servants to clean up fang yuan or feeding him. If it weren't for the face that she was too tired doing all this and can get time, she would even prefer to cook food for her son, fang yuan. So, she has mentally prepared herself that she has to follow a hard path to get her son, fang yuan back to normal. And she is even prepare for the worse that his fang yuan might be taken over by the future fang yuan but she believe that the future fang yuan isn't bad at all because the author is the worse for making her fang yuan doing all those evil stuff. So, she farmly believed that if her love is overwhelming and selfless then she will be able to change his son's future even from the hands of the novel's demonic future self even she is ready to be failed but at this way she will not have any regrets even if she dies at the hands of her own son after being taken over by the future self. And She is also trying to be as good mother as she can be and so she is trying to confirm that fang yuan's problem doesn't effects other children of hers. And that is why she strictly make fang zheng, fang sianer go to the academy. But this time fang ma says, "Ok, You will not have to go to the academy today but you must have to go to tomorrow."

After Fang Ma goes to prepare the food. Fang Sianer, Yao Le and Fang Yuan are building buildings, vehicles, many characters and figures using many colorful and shaped and sized objects include, cube, circle, squire, triangle. They are various color, some are shiny and some are deadly color. They connect with each other just as magnet do when they come close. And they are pretty strong when they are closed and need to use special de-magnitation device to seperate them which is also with them and there is also increase-magnitiation device which helps them to stick together even more strongly. They are building their mansion and it is almost complte. Fang Sianer shouts with excitement, "Look brother, it is almost complete and looks like our mansion." Fang Yuan responds with a low voice and shaky voice, "yyyeess. iit beeaauuttiful." Fang Yuan words are coming out broken as if he has hited hard in his head.

After sometime, Fang Ma come back and servants are carrying foods and then serving them in the table that is in fang yuan's room. And then Fang Ma says, "fang Sianer and Yao Le, you two eat after a few moment and continue playing with fang yuan as I feed him." Then Fang Ma starts feeding the soup that she has prepared for fang yuan as he play with fang sianer and yao le.

After sometime, everyone has finished thier breakfast. And now Fang Yuan is lying on the bed and Fang Sianer and Yao Le has sent to their room for taking some rest as they have waken up very early in the morning and are taking care of fang yuan. At that moment, Fang Zheng and Shen Cui come to the room to check fang yaun's condition. Fang Zheng says, "Brother's condition has become much better then previous night." Shen Cui adds, "His condition was really bad. It is good that he has becoming normal." Fang Ma says, "Yes, it is good that you have been coming times to times to check on fang yuan. Are you ready to go the academy." Fang Zheng says, "Yes, we are leaving. Will Fang Sianer and Yao Le not go to academy today?" Fang Ma says, "They are saing that they will not go as fang yuan has waken up after more then one month." At that moment, fang yuan opens up his eyes and says lightly, "Mmmaaa, WWaattteerrr!" Shen Cui quickly grabs a mug and fill it with water and gives it to fang ma. Fang Ma says, "That you shen cui." and then fang ma makes fang yuan sits a bit so that he can properly drink the water. But as fang yuan's gaze looks at shen cui, fang yuan recalls memories of him how he treated coldly 