Hours passes by, Fang Yuan condition has become even worse. But Fang Ma, Fang Sianer, Yao Le's desperate cry has become sobbing. And now they can think properly as the emotion has eased. 

Fang Ma looks at Fang Yuan's trembling form which is now lying on bed still trembling and haven't uttered a single word, and his gaze is only at Yao Le. His eyes is fearful and terrified. He has tried to extend his hands towards Yao Le Maybe for sorrow, forgiveness or guilt that he think he doesn't deserve.

Fang Ma observing all those, ponders, "Previously, before my son fainted, he desperately checks Yao Le and even hugged her for hours and at that time he was out of his mind and only controlled by his instincts as he can't even hear anything and responds to anything and afterward he eventually fainted. Now again after waking up for after around 5 weeks. He again sees yao le and then become like this." Her gaze shifts at fang yuan's trembling form and ponders, "His whole body is trembling and no martial elixir has worked." Then looks at fang yuan's face, "His face looks terrified and fearful while looking at yao le. But this gaze doesn't say that he is terrified of yao le but something else." she looks at fang yuan mouth, "It is trembling and opening and closing slowly as if trying to say something but it is as if he has forgotten how to articulate words." Then looks at fang yuan hands, "His hands is trembling while hesitently trying to extend at yao le while can't make the hand to reach Yao Le as if from hesitation." "Now that I consider it with my previous life's novel scenerio, there was nothing like that has happened, as his future self come back carrying all the memroies, experieces and personality, fang yuan becomes cold and make everyone dance in his palm. And To increase him martial core level, he created a martial elixir by refining a bear whom he feed a girl. And I have only read upto this point where he feed a girl to a bear and then refien the bear to make it martial elixir. Now all the puzzles are coming together, the future self must be trying to forcefully insert memories into my fang yuan. And thus as He seen yao le, he must have seen those horrifying memories." THen even her whole body tremble for a moment as she ponders, "I have just read the description of the bear eating the girl scene and can't take it and drop it. I can't even imagine seeing such scene before my eyes and now that I think about it, how would have been my condition if i suddenly sees that I am the one who actually kidnapped a girl and the feed her brutally to a bear to turn it into martial elixir. No, I don't wnat to think." Then tears automatically gathered in her eyes again and sobs become cry again and fang ma holds fang yuan's one hand and then starts crying outloud. "What my son must have been feeling seeing such brutality and even when he would see it is he who has done it." But with a determined face she shouts in her mind, "No, this kind of brutality hasn't done by my son, my love. It is the fang yuan of the novel but this isn't that fang yuan. this is my son, my fang yuan, my love!" Then after a few moments, "What should I do? Should I make fang yuan never see Yao Le again. This is a good solution to make my love calm down" after a few deep consideration, "but... as far as I know from many post that I have read about the novel's fang yuan, he will kill all their clan member so this isn't a good solution. What can I do?" Then fang ma looks at yao le who is also trying to make fang yuan calm and says, "Brother fang yuan, I am here. Please become normal." Suddenly fang ma shouts with excitement that fang sianer and yao le look at fang ma at confusing eyes. But fang Ma doesn't say anything and she ponders, "I need to somehow make my son, my love believe that all those things hasn't done by him rather a bad dream and he has done nothing wrong. All the memories that he has seen will never come true as they aren't even real."

Then fang fa goes and sits beside Yao le and then asks fang sianer who is sitting fang yuan's head, "Fang Sianer make yourself prepare, You have to inject your martial essence in fang yuan martial core from fang yuan's back." Fang ma then looks at yao le and says, "Make yourself ready because you will be crucial to make fang yuan normal." Yao Le responds confusingly by nodding. Then Fang Ma makes fang yuan sit while make him lean at her chest and also put off fang yuan's shirt. and then says, "Fang Sianer start injecting your martial essence." Fang Sianer starts injecting her martial essence which starts making fang yuan calm slowly but surely. Then Fang Ma says while looks at Fang Yuan's eyes, "My love, all those thing were just bad dreams, They aren't even true at all. And you have never done it and you will never do something like this. Mama knows that very well. You don't have to believe me, just check it yourself." Then holds fang yuan with her one hands and then make it extends towards yao le and then make fang yuan touch yao le's cheeks and then says, "Look, this is yao le, she is completley fine. You have done nothing bad to her." Yao Le goes by the flaw and also holds fang yuan hand with hers and then says, "Yes Brother fang yuan, I am alright, You have done nothing wrong." THen Fang Ma makes fang yuan touch Yao Le's other cheeks and then her nose, and then her hand even her chests, waists and her thigh. Even though  Yao Le feels a bit uncomfortable but she even helped by placing her hands on fang yuan's. "Look my love, she is completely fine, you have checked her completley, haen't you? You have done nothing brutal or bad to her. This was all just bad dream that the devil is making you see so that you go away from us. In reality you have done nothing bad and will never do anything bad. Can you see how everyone loves your, admire admires you and everyone even calls you the messenger of love. So the devil is jealous and trying to make you someone else so that you never help other agian, give smile to other and eventually can't continue to become messenger of love. This shows that the devil is fearful of you and want to make you stop from being the messenger of love but mother knows that one day you will become living embodiment of love itself." telling all those stuff makes fang ma's sob into crying again. Yao Le holds fang yuan both hands and with hers and then place it in her both cheeks and then Yao Le says while crying, "Yes, the devil doesn't want to see that you become the love. IT is farful of you. Look, I am completely fine. You have done nothing bad to me. And I believe you brother fang yuan. One day you will become love itself." After all those time, now fang yuan's face shows a slight different reaction as even without fang ma or Yao le's help, Fang Yuan is gently touching Yao le's cheeks while looking at her eyes. Before fang yuan can't bring himself to look at yao le's eyes but now he looks at. 

Hours goes by as Fang Sianer is deeply concentrated injecting her martial essence in fang yuan martial core which is making him calm, while fang yuan is leaning at fang ma's chest while fang ma is embracing him while yao le helps fang yuan check her. Both Fang Ma and yao le try to make fang yuan believe that all those was just a bad dream and he has done nothing like this and will never do it. And at last, fang yuan utters a single words while holding Yao Le's both cheeking and looking directly at her eyes and also while crying, "Yao Le! I... am... happy that... it... was.. just... a bad... dream.... and... you... are... okey..."

Hearing fang yuan talks, yao le huggs fang yuan tightly while crying and says, "Brother fang yuan I am fine. I am fine. I am happy." Fang Ma also hugs fang yuan and says, "Yes my love, it was just a bad dream nothing else. YOu have done nothing wrong." Fang Sianer has completely drained her martial essence and now her emotion is also overwhelming and she just hugs fang yuan from behind and sobs, "My love! My love! You are finally talking. I am very happy." The scene is truely beautiful with overwhelming love and emotional outbrust.