The next day morning after finishing breakfast, Fang Ma has dressed up for the academy. Fang Ma looks worried but yao le and fang sianer look excited. After a few moment, they gets out to head towards the academy. Fang Yuan, Fang Sianer, Yao Le, Fang Zheng and shen cui are heading to the academy while Fang Ma are overlooking them and also many servants are following them from a distance. As people spot fang yuan and fang ma who hasn't seen their face in public for months and even more they heard that fang yuan is ill which make them even more eager. They all rushes towards fang yuan and others. But still they maintain a distance between fang yuan and their group. It shows the respects of the crowd. They starts asking if fang yuan is okey and other stuff. But as fang yuan looks at many, fang yuan face become even more fearful and tears starts coming out silently, also trembling start visibling. Fang Ma noticed it and then quickly jumps beside fang yuan and place her hand around fang yuan's sholder and then says, "We are becoming late for the academy, So please give us some space, And Fang Yuan's condition isn't well." Hearing this the crows unexpectedly stop crowding and everyone returns their work or at least make a considerable distance. And then fang ma says, "Don't worry my love everything would be okey." As fang yuan enters into the academy many scene floods his minds, mainly he manipulating the clan elder and playing mind game with him. Sees himself beating up many of his peers to extort their martial stone. Even he didn't spare his brother. As they move forward, the guard noticing fang ma, quickly stops forwards to help as fang ma is well respected figure and fang yuan as well. But as fang yuan looks at the guard, he recalls memores of him beating up the guard to his almost death, breaking his hands and finger. and then take the guard to the class room where the academy elder is giving his lecture, seeing the deadly condition of the guard and whom fang yuan is dragging like a corpse, the academy elder becomes very shocked and angry but he rightously defend him saying that the guard has desturbed him when he was at crucial point of breaking through to the next realms and even more the guard even disrespects the ansectors of us and so I make him know his place. THe academy elder can't do anything because the guard is almost dead and even more fang yuan really had breaken through  and even more the guard is just a slave so it doesn't that lose but it was his ego because the guard was his slave and it is said that before beating up a dog consider its owner and so the academy elder tired to punish him but hearing all fang yuan's logic he not only can't punish him but also force to give fang yuan reward for his act. Fang Yuan is standing, shaking but holding it up. He hasn't gone mad, or cried out in a way that gain attention. this time this is silent cry it is as if fang yuan is becoming used to it. And why he wouldn't be because he has seen himself doing even worse which he is even unimaginable to him. If a girl constantly get rapped, she start feeling anything as the repetation intensifies. At time even most brutal rape felt nothing to her as she has become used to this worse situation. And fang yuan condition is someting like this, it is as if, fang yuan is becoming strong and can handle those memories without becoming mad or crying like mad