One month passes by quickly, during this one month, fang yuan has gone to the academy regularly and has become like a normal child but his expression and eyes betrays it. Fang Yuan, fang zheng, fang sianer and shen cui are playing together in the courtyard and fang ma is observing them and helping them. Fang Sianer asks, "Will sister Yao Le not come today? After brother has started going to the academy, you sent yao le to her home even though she doesn't want." Fang Ma says, "Yao Le's parents have arrived, and so she should spend time with her parents and even more you all play at academy together and yao le comes everyday at the Afternoon to play with you." Fang Sianer, "But she hasn't come here today?" "Her parents might be to spend time with her as I have heard that they will soon leave the village." "Will Yoa le leave with them?" "Probably not. As they are going for doing business." "Then Yao Le will play with us again right?" Fang Ma says, "Who know? Maybe she will again start living at our house with you as you all have become good friends." "Actually, she told me that after her parents leave, she will again live with me, he he he." Fang Ma says, "My love, fang yuan, is there anything bothering you. You aren't looking well. Please tell me." Fang Sianer says, "My love, is there any problem or are you unhappy because yao le isn't here." Fang Yuan is still drawing. and then suddenly gives a picture to fang ma. Fang Ma takes a look and says with a soft smile, "I know my love, You really loved me. I also loved you." saying so fang ma hugs fang yuan. Fang sianer says, "Let me see it." it looks the the same picture from before. Fang Zheng and Shen Cui also see the see the picture. fang zheng says, "The middle one is mama, and this is fang sianer and beside her is yao le, isn't it." Fang Sianer responds, "Yes. it is me." He continues, "It must be brother fang yuan, isn't it?" Fang Yuan says slowly, "No, it is you." Fang Zheng says with amazement, "Really, is it me? then this you, shen cui." Shen cui says, "Is it really me?" Fang Yuan says lowly, "Yes." Shen Cui says, "Look there is something written." Fang Zheng says, "It says, 'I love you all.' that means brother fang yuan loves us all, am I correct?" Fang Yuan hesitates and tries to say yes out loud but can't articulate anything. A few moments latter, fang ma says, "My love are you worried about anything? I know it might be hard but don't worry mama is always here." Fang Yuan jumps at fang ma's embrace and starts crying without saying. Fang Ma also embrace him and says, "Don't worry. I am here. Mama is here." Fang Sianer, Fang Zheng and shen cui are looking at fang yuan with worries as fang yuan hasn't cried like this for weeks. And they are customed to see fang yuan's pale face as it has become normal to them. So, they can't fully understnad what is fang yuan going through. Only fang ma is always worried and know that somehting is going wrong with fang yuan and actively trying to help him, comfort him and heal him. Afterward, Fang Yuan looks at fang sianer and without saying anything hugs her. After sometime, Fang Yuan is sitting leaning aginst fang ma while looking at fang sianer, fang zheng and shen cui who are playing the game, who can touch. now, fang sianer is running after fang zheng and shen cui to touch them. breaking the silence, Fang Yuan says, "Mama, I want to go outside to buy something." Fang Ma says, "Ok! lets go. I will help you buy anything you want." Fang Yuan says, "I want to but it by myself alone. It might take sometime because I want to buy things for everyone." Fang Ma says with giving a gentle laughter, "Is my love planning to but present and give surprise everyone of us." Fang Yuan hesitates for a moments and then says, "Yes." Fang Ma gives a hugs and a kiss in his forehead and then says, "Ok, lets quitely move out so that they don't notice. What do you say." Fang Yuan says slowly, "Okey." Afterward fang yuan and fang ma quitely moves into the mansion. Fang Yuan says, "Mama, I am going to change my dress in my room afterward I am coming in you room." Fang Ma says with a gentle smile, "Ok, I am waiting my love." After sometime fang yuan comes to fang ma's room and says, "mama, i am ready, I am leaving." Fang Ma says, "You have wared the most ordinary dressed with this hoodi that will help you hide your face. Oh How can I forget, if you go outside, everyone will stick with around you so it might cause you problem buying things, isn't it?" Fang Ma says hesitately, "Yes." Fang Ma says with a bright smile, "My love, I have even more good solution." Afterward fang ma brought out a martial artifacts and then give it to fang yuan and says, "Insert you will in it and try to use it, you will see the magic." As fang yuan use that aritificts, fang yuan's face changes completely. THen fang ma put a mirror before fang yuan and says, "Look, you look completely different." Fang Yuan says hesitantly, "Thank you." Afterward, Fang Ma gives a lot of artificts, martial elixir and even more a big number of martial stone. Fang Yuan says, "Mama, I already have many. I don't need this. And You have give me that many that haven't count them all." Fang Ma has giving fang yuan a lot of resources. Fang Yuan says, "Mama I am leaving, promise me you will not follow me okey or will make any servant to follow me." Fang Ma heart skip for a bit as she was planning to go secretly behind to see what his son is actually preparing and at least would sent a douzon of servants who will follow him in secret. Fang Ma feels hesitation. Before fang ma can answer, fang yuan again hugs fang ma and says while sobbing, "M-mama... I l-love y-you." Fang ma hugs him back and says, "I love you too my love." after sometime, fang yuan says, "Mama, I am leaving." Fang Ma feels hesitation but says, "Ok, but don't make mama want longer as mama would be worried." Fang Yuan hesitently says and sobs still visible, "Mama, don't worry about me. I love you." Fang Ma says I love you too. Then fang yuan gets out of the mansion from the back gate and fang ma is looking at fang yuan from the back gate and several servants are beside her. SHe feels uneasy but want to keep her promise. A guard says, "Miss, won't it be good if we follow young master in secret. If there is any problem." other servants also add, "Yes, I think at least one of use should follow young master fang yuan." Fang Ma says, "You are right and my heart also doesn't want to let him go alone but I hope nothing bad will happen as it is our clan and everyone loves fang yuan. I know there might be some enemies who might think of doing harm to my love but i believe they will not be able to because it is our clan and our village and no one would dare to do anything to my love withing this clan's boundaries and my love is going to the market to buy present for us and the market is the busiest place and so there would be no problem." A servant says, "Mistress, please forgive us for douting your decision." Fang ma says, "You don't have to appolize as I also want to send at leat one of you but I have made promise to him." At that time from behind fang sianer says, "Mama, where is brother going." Fang Ma says, "Your brother is going to buy some gifts for us." Fang Sianer says, "I am going after him." Fang Ma says, "No." Fang sianer says, "Please mama, please. Let me go." As fang ma was also worried and wanted to send someone to look after fang yuan, she ponders, "I have promised him to not sent any servant or I myself will not follow him but I haven't mension that I can't sent fang sianer his sister. I know it might be exploting loophole but my heart will not be at ease if i don't sent someone to look after fang yuan." And so fang ma says, "You can go but you have to only see him from a distance and also have to use this martial artificts to hide your identity." Fang Sianer says, "ok I will." Then fang sianer used this artificts and his face instantly changes. This is a low level artificts and can easily be encountered by level 3 or above martial master just by their sense alone. Fang Ma says, "Your brother is wearing a while dress and his face is also different." And then fang ma point out towards fang yuan who is walking quickly, "This is your brother, wearing the black dress black hat." Fang sianer says, "Don't worry, I can feel my love from a long distance and even from here I can sense him. So don't worry. I will find him." And then fang sianer also rushes after fang yuan while maintaining a distance.