After monumental efforts of Fang Ma and others, Fang Yuan is now sleeping. Still fear and helpless cry is visible in his eyes. Fang Ma looks very worried and also exhausted. And Fang Sianer and Yao Le's look as well. It is around deep night when fang yuan has fallen sleep from his madness. Fang Ma has injected energy in his body through martial Elixir. Now they have also fallen sleep Fang Sianer leaning on Fang Yuan and Fang Ma leaning on the chair. Only Yao Le is awaken and looking at fang yuan with worried face.

The Next day afternoon,  Fang Yuan is making drawing along with Fang Sianer, Yao Le, Fang Zheng and Shen Cui. Fang Zheng and Shen Cui are more engaged with each other as it is an open secret that Fang Zheng and Shen Cui like each other. And Fang Ma doesn't mind it. Yao Le and Fang Sianer is also drawing but they are engaged with Fang Yuan and Fang Ma is overseeing them and helping if anything is needed. Fang Yuan tries to draw but can't as his hand is still shaking. He could play card game and building game as they doesn't required precise movement and trembling doesn't matter that much. But still trying to draw his mother but is shaking. Fang Ma helps Fang Yuan to draw simple scratch which fang yuan draw resembling Fang Ma and even more added fang sianer and yao le just beside her one side and in another side draw Fang Zheng and Shen Cui. They All look happy. Yao Le and Fang Sianer helps to add more details. And now even though they are simple scratch drawing but each character is identital and can easily be identified. Fang Ma noticed that even though the picture looks happy but fang yuan doesn't look. As fang ma start thinking looking at the picture, she shouts out, "My love, where is you in the picture?" Yao le and Fang Ma also noticed and asked the same question. Fang Yuan open up his mouth many time but can't articulate a word and at that moment tears have already started gathering at her eyes without anyone's noticing as fang yuan is looking at the picture.

at that moment, the medicine hall elder the room and says, "Good Afternoon! Elder Fang Ma." Fang Ma says, "I am pretty well." "How is Fang Yuan doing! Is my yao le causing trauble?" Fang Ma says, "Fang Yuan's condition is becoming better and Yao le is a great help." Yao Le shouts, "Grandma, I have told you to not come here. I have told you that will stay here with Fang Sianer. We are both doing well and we are also helping brother fang yuan." "Ok it is good that you are helpful." then looks at fang yuan who is still looking at the picture down below. and says, "How are you doing, Fang Yuan?" Fang Yuan doesn't responds as if he can't hear. Fang Ma says, "He can't talk properly and isn't fully healed." The medicine hall elder says, "Hope he will get better soon. Actually, the clan leader along with the chi faction's head and his grand son, mo faction's head and his grand son and grand daughter has came to see fang yuan's condition and they are sitting at the guest room and the servants are serving them." Fang Ma says with a worried face, "Fang Yuan isn't well. I don't know how would he react seeing all of them." Yao Le's grandma says, "THey will not stay longer. Will see fang yuan and then will take their leave. And they have also brough some powerful martial elixir which might be helpful." Fang Ma says, "As they have already arived let them in."

Then medicine hall elder goes to out and after a few moments everyone enters into the room where fang yuan is drawing along with other. they start chatting with fang ma while asking fang yuan's condition. But They no one approach to check fang yuan condition by hands as fear is still visible in the clan leader and other's face because of fang yuan's abnormal martial core. As all of them suffered greatly by checking fang yuan's martial core on the awakening ceremony day. They hands over many martial elixir to fang ma while talking to them.

After all those time fang yuan noticed them and then looks at them and memories of his doing horroble thing flood his mind and he starts sobbing and becoming mad again tearing while viciously trying to tear his his face apart with his clan. And within a few breath before anyone can understand anything fingers has tear through his flesh and even more one finger has already pearced through his eye and blood and the substance of that eyes are coming out. 

Seeing this everyone becomes shocked. Yao Le and Fang Sianer who is beside fang yuan tries to make his stop and then fang ma jumps and tries to make fang yuan stop. Other also come forwards to stop fang yuan from harming himself further.